

































































































































































































































































































































































































































Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , India and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ( Bangalore , India ) has B . M . Reddy as its president .


1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s Prime Minister is Klaus Johannis .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University has the Latin name , Universitas Apulensis . It is situated in Romania , which has the patron Saint Andrew the Apostle .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and currently has a staff of 737 and a student population of 16000 .

Runway 17L / 35R at Abilene Regional Airport in Texas has a length of 2194 and is 546m above sea level . It has the identifier of KABI .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas , it ' s ICAO identifier is KABI , it ' s runway length is 2194 . 0 and is 546 metres above sea level , the name of the runway is 17R / 35L .


Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . Kheria Air Force Station is its native name . Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh .
The United States Air Force , which was involved in the Invasion of Panama , are the operators of Al Asad airbase . The USAF have aircraft including : the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft , the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transporter and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon fighter plane .

Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Lockheed AC - 130 attack air crafts and Lockheed C - 130 Hercules transport aircrafts . The USAF participated in the Korean War and the Invasion of Grenada .

In the city of Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan , there is an airport called Allama Iqbal International Airport . It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , in Punjab Pakistan , which is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali .

Andrews County Airport is located in Texas . It serves the city of Andrews and is 973 metres above sea level . Its runway length is named 11 / 29 and is 896 long .

Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the Spanish language is spoken and the people are known as Texans . The capital city is Austin but the largest city is Houston .
Angola International Airport , which is located in Ícolo e Bengo in the Luanda Province in Angola , serves Luanda . The airport lies 159 metres above sea level .
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , which is located in the Luanda Province , Angola . The airport is situated 159 meters above sea level and it has a runway that measures a length of 4000 . 0 .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and located in the city of Antwerp . The airport has a runway length of 600 . 0 , elevation of 12 . 0 metres above sea level and the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation .
Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton is located in Greenville , Wisconsin . It is elevated 2801 meters above sea level . The airport ' s runway , which is named 3 / 21 measures a lenght of 2439 units .

The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand and is situated 34 meters above sea level . The airport ' s 3rd runway is surfaced with Poaceae and has a 1 , 411 meter long runway called " 03R / 21L " .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and is operated byTurkmenistan Airlines . It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989 . 0 . It has a runway named 12R / 30L .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport , which lies 23 . 0 meters above sea level . The airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KACY . The 4 / 22 is the name of the runway in Atlantic City International Airport and it measures 1873 .
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp . The Flemish region is in the country of Belgium and it is led by the Flemish Government . The jurisdiction of the Flemish Government is in the Flemish Region and the leader of Belgium is Charles Michel .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in New York state , United States . Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown in Essex County , New York .
The area code for Abilene in Texas is 325 .

The leader of Albany , Georgia is the Mayor .
The total area of Albany , Oregon is 45 . 97 sq kms .



Amarillo , Texas is located within the United States .

Amarillo , Texas , is part of the United States .
The area code for Anaheim , California , is 657 .



The leader title of Ann Arbor , Michigan , is Mayor .
The population density of Ann Arbor , Michigan is 1580 . 7 inhabitants per sq km .
Antioch , California is located at 13 . 0 above sea level .







The state of Georgia is located within the United States .

Lee County is situated within the state of Alabama .


Tarrant County , Texas is located within the United States .
The largest city in Washtenaw County , Michigan is Ann Arbor .
The comic character , Auron , was created by Walt Simonson and the American Karl Kesel .

Bananaman which first aired on October 3rd , 1983 stars Billie Oddie and is broadcasted by STV .
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle created Baymax who had his first movie appearance in Big Hero 6 .


The comic character Bolt whose alternative name is Larry Bolatinsky was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin .





The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes .
14L / 32R is the runway name of Adofo Suárez Madrid - Barajas Airport .



The elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 84 . 0 .

Allama Iqbal International Airport ' s runway name is " 18R / 36L " .

The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1 / 19 .
Amsterdam Airport Schuphol serves Amsterdam .
Andrews County , Texas has its county seat in Andrews , Texas .
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews in Texas .
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 11 / 29 .
The runway at Andrews County Airport is called Helipad .
Angola International Airport serves Luanda .

The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis .

The language spoken is Belgium is German .
The leader of Belgium is Phillipe of Belgium .

Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark .









Stephen Dilts is the chief of South Jersey Transportation Authority .
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which comes from Spain .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region and has almond as one of its ingredients .
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the region of Lazio .

Arem arem which includes banana leaf , comes from Indonesia .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in Italy .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy which has the capital city of Rome .
Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce , which originated in Italy .



Bacon Explosion comes from the United States and includes sausage among its ingredients .
The United States ( with a leader , John Roberts ) boasts the Bacon Explosion .
Bacon Explosion is an entree that includes bacon , the main ingredient .

Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from France , the United States and China .

A Baked Alaska is a dessert along with cookies which you can also eat as a dessert .

A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which uses shortcrust pastry .
Lemon ( genus ; citrus ) is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa .
The Philippines is the country that Batchoy , a dish containing shrimp , comes from .
Batchoy is a food from the Philippines , the country where there is an ethnic group called the Chinese Filipino .

Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and it ' s leader is Tony Tan .
Bhajji originates from India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan .

The main ingredient of Binignit is banana , and also important is the inclusion of sweet potatoes .
Sweet potato and sago are main ingredients in Binignit .

Sweet potato is of the order Solanales and are a main ingredient of binignit .
Bionico is a dessert that includes the ingredient granola .
Honey can be added to bionico , a dessert dish .
Bionico and Ice Cream are served at the dessert course .
Batagor is a variation of the dish Siomay , of which peanut sauce is an ingredient .
The Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Texas , which is a part of Taylor County , Texas in the United States .

The Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is in Madrid . Its runway , called 14L / 32R has length of 4100 .



The US Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase , used in battles such as Invasion of Grenada and the operation enduring freedom .


Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . It is 210 m above sea level and its runway length is 1533 feet .

The United States Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , whose largest city is Houston .
Angola International Airport , located in Icolo e Bengo , Angola has a runway length of 4000 .


Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp . It is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works .

The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Clayton , Winnebago County , Wisconsin , United States .

Ashgabat International airport is located in Ashgabat at 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece , a country led by Alexis Tsipras .



Ajo blanco is an alternative name of Ajoblanco .
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil .







ayam penyet is served hot .

Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart .
bakso contains noodles .
Vermicelli is included in bakso .

Barny cakes is created by Mondelez International .






Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales .

Ice cream is a dessert .


Baduy is an ethnic group of Java .


The language of Mexico is Spanish .
One of the languages in Philippines is Arabic .


The ISBN number of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 , it is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print form .


Eric Flint wrote 1634 : The Ram Rebellion found in hardcover with an ISBN of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion has 512 pages and was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . . It can be found as an E book .
The abbreviation " ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . " is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems which is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has an ISSN number of 1046 - 8188 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems , or ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . , is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has a ISSN number of 1558 - 2868 .
The AIDS journal , which came from the United Kingdom in the reign of Elizabeth II , was published by Lippincott Williams and Wilkins .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and is the editor of AIP Advances which was published by the American Institute of Physics .
" AIP Adv . " is the abbreviation of AIP Advances which is edited by A T Charlie Johnson and has the CODEN code AAIDBI .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .

A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .


A Severed Wasp ( ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 ) has 388 pages altogether and is available in print .
A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , has a OCLC number of 318875313 .
A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane is published in Hardcover ISBN 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Above the Veil is from Australia and was preceded by Aenir and Castle .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica , abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar , has LCCN No . 83646315 and ISSN No . 1588 - 2632 .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( also known as Acta Math . Hungar ) , covers the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 .


Aenir , OCLC number 45644811 , by author Garth Nix is available in print .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has a ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( discipline Mathematics ) is also known by the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math and has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
Also known by the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math , the American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE publications which publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly . The abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly is Admin . Sci . Q .
The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & amp ; Wilkins . It was published in the United Kingdom , which leader is David Cameron .
In the United States , one of the ethnic groups is African American , Barack Obamais President and it is where A Fortress of Grey Ice originates .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where English is the primary language . Additionally , Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio in Switzerland . It ' s dean is Mario Botta with its staff size being 100 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . The leader of the country has the title Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Mendrisio . It has an academic staff size of 100 and the dean is Mario Botta .

Acharya Institute of Technological in Bangalor , India has 700 post - graduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
An affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University and established in 2000 in India , Acharya Institute of Technology is led by director Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .

Denmark ' s School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 . It currently has 737 staff and is affiliated with the European University Association .

Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy .

Apollo 11 ' s backup pilot was William Anders .
Apollo 14 was operated by NASA .
Apollo 8 was operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was an American .
Elliot See flew as a test pilot .

The mascot of the University of Texas is Hook ' em .

Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , which has 512 pages , the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and is available as an e book .
Published by Lippincott Williams & amp ; Wilkins , the AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom , tha capital of the UK is London and the head of state is Elizabeth II .
J . V . Jones authored A Fortress of Grey Ice , made available in print it ' s OCLC and ISBN numbers are 51969173 and 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 respectively .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Press . It was preceded by Annie Dunn and followed by The Secret Scripture .
A Severed Wasp is in print and has the OCLC number of 8805735 and the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 . The Library of Congress Classification is PS3523 . E55 S4 1982 .

A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages . It ' s OCLC number is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Wizard of Mars , ISBN number is " 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 " , OCLC number 318875313 , was written by Diane Duane and published in hardback .
The ISSN number of Addiction ( journal ) , which is about addiction , is 1360 - 0443 . Addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of Addiction and the LCCN number 93645978 .
Cornell University is located in the city of Ithaca , New York , it ' s affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly .

The American Journal of Mathematics , aka Am . J . Math . , is a bi - monthly journal about Mathematics , ISBN number 1080 - 6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 . It falls under the academic discipline of Math and the abbreviated title is Am . J . Math . .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press which is based in the United States . The language spoken in the U . S . , and in Great Britain , is English .
A Severed Wasp is from the English speaking ( also spoken in Great Britain ) United States . The United States is home to the Asian American ethnic group .
English is spoken in Great Britain and is also the language of the United States , of which Native Americans are one of its ethnic groups and from where Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has come .
The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & amp ; Wilkins in the United Kingdom , the two leaders of this country are David Cameron and Elizabeth II .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group . English is spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain .
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of which A Fortress of Grey Ice is also , the English language is spoken in both the United States and in Great Britain .



Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He served as a test pilot .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot , was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 mission .







Abilene , Texas , United States , is served by Abilene Regional Airport , which has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , operated by Madrid ' s ENAIRE , is located in Alcobendas , Spain .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and run by ENAIRE . Its runway name is 18R / 36L and it is 3500 m long , .

Agra airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and also Bundelkhand , and lead by Ram Naik .

Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses Lockheed AC - 130 aircraft carriers . The General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft used by the USAF and they were involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom . The Lockheed AC - 130 and McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle are two of their aircrafts .
The United States Air Force , who fought in the Invasion of Grenada operates the Al Asad Airbase . The USAF fly Lockheed AC - 130 aircraft from aircraft carriers , in addition to the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of Punjab . The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters is in the Jinnah International Airport .
Alpena , Michigan , is served by the Alpena County Regional Airport in Maple Ridge Township . The runway length is 1533 . 0 and the elevation is 210 metres above sea level .

Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital city is Austin . Tejano are the inhabitants of the state and English language is spoken there .
Texas is the location of Andrews County airport and is in the United States . The inhabitants are known as Texans and they speak the English language .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texts , United States . The people of Texas are called Texans and Spanish language is spoken there .
Andrews County airport is located in Texas , United States , where Houston is the largest city and Austin is the capital .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo in Luanda Province , Angola . It is 159 metres above sea level . .
The Flemish region , which is led by the Flemish government , is part of Belgium . Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin it serves Appleton , it ' s runway length is 2439 units and it is 280 metres above sea level .
Appleton International airport serves Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsin . Both Menasha ( town ) and Dale are parts of Greenville .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway is surfaced with Poaceae . Poaceae belongs to the Poales and Commelinids order and classified as Monocotyledon .
Ardmore airport in New Zealand has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and is 34 meters above sea level . It has a runway name of 03R / 21L with a length of 597 . 0 .

Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , operated by ENAIRE ( Madrid ) , is found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas ; Spain .
Atlantic City Airport , ( runway length 3048 . 0 ) is located in Egg Harbor Township , which is part of New Jersey in the United States .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae . Poaceae is a flowering plant in the class of Monocotyledon in the order of Commelinids .
Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) .
The Ataturk Monument is made from Bronze .

The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in Baku , Azerbaijan .
The material of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Red granite and white marble .

Born in Italy , Rolando Maran is the manager of AC Chievo Verona . He also plays for Carrarese Calcio and is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S . S . D . club .
Italian born Michele Marcolini , previously of FC Bari 1908 , is now the manager of A . C . Lumezzane , whist also the owner of Torino F . C .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Alexis Tsipras heads Greece and Nikos Voutsis is the leader .
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl ( abbreviated to A . S . Gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members , has its grounds in Italy and played in the 2014 season .
The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " . Its ground is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti , it competed in the 2014 season and has 5300 members .
Stadio Armando Picchi ' s is home to A S Livorno Calcio ( Livorno Calcio S . p . A . ) . They have 19238 members and played the 2014 - 15 Serie B season .
A . S Roma were in Serie A in 2014 - 15 . They have a ground in Rome and have 70634 members , there full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A .
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League , which champions are Qarabag FK , its ground is AZAL Arena , that is located in Azerbaijan .


Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league based in Brazil . Their nickname is Asa Gigante . The champions of the league are Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil ' s Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 event . Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Série C .

The Akron Summit Assault team of Akron , Ohio , U . S currently play in the Premier Development League , of which K - W United FC have previously been champions .


A . S . Roma play in Serie A where Juventus F . C are among there former champions . There full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . and they play at the Stadio Olimpico .

The Acharya Institute of Technology ( official colour blue , white and orange ) has been given the ' Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education .

School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association and is located in Brussels .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka , which has to its west the Arabian Sea .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600 . The dean is Mario Botta .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , which has 600 students , was founded in 1996 in Ticino , Switzerland . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Amman .
Karnataka state which has the Arabian Sea to it ' s west and Telangana to it ' s northwest is also home to the Acharya Institute of Technology . The Institute is located in the city of Bangalore and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .


1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba lulia in Romania . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the Prime Minister is Klaus lohannis .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in Denmark in 1928 . The School is affiliated with the European University Association and has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff .
Alan Bean is originally from Wheeler , Texas and joined NASA where he became a crew member of Apollo 12 . David Scott was his commander and Mr Bean is now retired .


Alan Shepard was born in 1923 in New Hampshire . He worked for NASA and became a crew member for Apollo 14 before he retired in August 1974 . He later died in California .
The U . S Navy awarded Alan Shepard the Distinguished Service Medal , an award that ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Shepard who was born in New Hampshire and died July 21st , 1998 in California , was also the recipient of the American Defense Service Ribbon .
Edwin E Aldrin Jr , more commonly known as Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey in 1930 and graduated from MIT with a Doctorate in Science in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated in 1963 from Massachusetts Institute of Technology . He then went on to join NASA in 1963 and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew before he retired .


Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23rd 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . Elliot See died in St . Louis .
William Anders was born in 1933 in British Hong Kong and graduated in 1962 from AFIT with a M . S . He then went on to become a test pilot and joined the Apollo 8 crew before he retired in 1969 .
Tim Brooke - Taylor starred in Bananaman that was created by Steve Bright . It was broadcast by STV and first aired on 3 October 1983 .
The comic book character of Bolt has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky . It was created by Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national , Ernie Colon .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Damon Wayans , Jr . The character was created by the American national Duncan Rouleau .
Duncan Rouleau , who is American , created the character Baymax , which appeared in the movie Big Hero 6 starring Jamie Chung .
Maya Rudolph stars in Big Hero 6 in which the character Baymax also appears . Baymax was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Abilene regional airport serves the city of Abilene which is in Texas .

Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500 .
Agra Airport is located in India , where the leader is T S Thakur .
The Al Asad Airbase , which is 618 ft above sea level , is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .

The United States Air Force was involved in the invasion of Panama and is also the operating organisation for Al Asad air base .


Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , which is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA .
Amsterdam airport Schipol is operated by the Schipol group and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .

Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where Austin is the capital .



Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Poaceae ( part of the Poales order ) is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is included in the class of Monocotyledon .
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is 3800 . 0 .
Athens International Airport in Spata serves the city of Athens .

The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes which is part of the Community of Madrid .
With the capital of Cape Town , South Africa is the location of 11 Diagonal Street , has the ethnic group of Asian South African and one of its leaders is Cyril Ramaphosa .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital is Cape Town . White South Africans and Asian South Africans are ethnic groups in South Africa .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , and is governed by Cleveland City Council .
First begun to be built in January 2014 , the postmodernist art 250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 North LaSalle is situated in Chicago which is part of the Dupage County in Illinois located in the U . S . Susana Mendoza is currently the leader of Chicago .
the 3Arena , Dublin , Republic of Ireland is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin .

Located in Denmark and with tenant Marriott International , AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors .
Bella Center owns AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen and Marriott International is a tenant . The hotel has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN .
Adisham Hall began in 1927 and completed in 1931 . It has a Tudor and Jacabian style and is located in Sri Lanka .
Adisham Hall can be found in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where Sri Lanka ' s capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is the Tamil Language .
The architectural styled " Tudor Revival " Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was built in 1927 and completed in 1931 .
The Akita Prefecture , where the Akita Museum of Art is located , is part of the country of Japan a country where one of the ethnic groups is Filipinos .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which is located in Virginia , United States and was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern .

Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Ahmedabad , India , a country lead by Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .

Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India , where the leader was T . S . Thakur .
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and its currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Julia Morgan was born in San Fransisco . She designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Asilomar State Beach and the Los Angeles Herald examiner , a landmark in California .

Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , on Manhattan Island , New York , in the United States . New York City was part of what was New Netherland .
Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham which has the postcode area ' B ' and is home town of John Madin the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Mulata Teshome is an Ethiopian leader . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethopia . Addis Ababa Stadium is part of Addid Ababa .
Paul Ryan is the leader , or President of the United States , of which Washington D . C . is the capital . 250 Delaware Avenue is part of the United States .
Ajoblanco , a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain , has the main ingredients bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .



Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome in Italy . An important ingredient is chili pepper and it also contains tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
Arros negre , from the Catalonia region of Spain , includes Cephalopod ink , white rice , cuttlefish / squid and cubanelle peppers .
The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . It is a traditional Spanish dish from the Catalonia region .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
Asam padeh is also known as asam pedas and is a food found in Malaysia originating from the Sunatra and Malay Peninsula regions . The main ingredients is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas is found in Malaysia , originating from Sumatra . Sumatra is home to the Minangkabau people and Malaysia , the Malay people .
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States . The main ingredient is bacon along with sausage .
The Bacon Explosion originates from the United States . The U . S . boasts leader Paul Ryan , is home to Asian Americans and has its capital in Washington D . C .
A bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the BLT , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . It is a dish containing bacon and comes from the United Kingdom .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and can contain the ingredient brown sauce . A variation of the sandwich is a BLT and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich , ( popular in the UK ) , are bread , bacon and ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . The bacon sandwich has several alternative names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .


Bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding and comes from the Derbyshire Dales . It contains frangipane .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region and contains the ingredients ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . It has a variation called Bakewell tart .
Bakewell tart is a variant of bakewell pudding from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire . The main ingredient is shortcrust pastry .
Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian dish from the Paisa region and contains the ingredients : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Batagor , from Indonesia , is a dish consisting of fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . Siomay is a variation of batagor .


Beek kway teos includes : kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula Melaka , black beans , garlic , oyster , soya and soy sauce , lengkuas , chili and sesame oil . It is found in Singapore .
Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow . The dish originated in Singapore and is found in Indonesia .
Singapore ' s leader is Tony Tan and one of the country ' s spoken language is English . Beef kway teow is made there and Indonesia too .
Bhajji comes from the country India , where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either T . S . Thakur and / or Narendra Modi .

Bhajji originate from the Karnataka region in India . The country ' s leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region or India . Vajubhai Vala is a leader of Karnatka and T . S . Thakur is the leader of India .

The main ingredients of Bionico , a dish from the Guadalaraja region of Mexico , are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco , Mexico and consists of sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut .

Bakso ( which contains celery ) is a dish found in Indonesia where it originated . One of the country ' s leaders is Jusuf Kalla .
Rome is the capital of Italy , where Sergio Mattarell and Matteo Renzi are leaders and where amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
Ayem penyet is a dish from Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group . It also originates from the region of Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet is found . The dish originates in Singapore , where Tony Tan is the leader .
The Moro and the Ilocano people are ethnic groups within the Philippines where batchoy is eaten and the language used is Philippine Spanish .
Arròs negre is a dish from Spain where the leader is Felipe VI . Spaniards are an ethnic group of Spain and the currency used is the euro .


20 Fenchurch Street is located in London which is lead via the European Parliament .


The 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin and was designed by HOK SVE .



Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m high and is occupied by the Government of Addis Adaba .


Alan B . Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way opened on March 30 , 2007 .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia .
Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall , which was designed by Robert A . M . Stern .

Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places , and is located at U . S . Route 83 .
" 87000823 " is Asilomar Conference Grounds ' reference number in the National Register of Historic Places , and it is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , Pacific Grove , California was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27 , 1987 .
The Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located at 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat and it ' s leader is Anandiben Patel .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , India , 560090 . It was established in 2000 ; its president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was created in 2000 , has 700 post graduate students and uses as its motto Nurturing Excellence . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University , is located in Soldevanahalli , on Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India ( 560090 ) . It was established in the year 2000 , and its current president is B . M . Reddy , while its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the year 2000 in India . Its campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 and its president is B . M . Reddy . It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India has an academic staff of 250 . Kerala has Mahé , Indiato its northwest . Mumbai is the largest city in India . The river Ganges runs through India .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest ; its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Desteapta - te , Romane !
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University which is in Belgium . The institute itself is in India ' s Karnataka state and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . It was created in 2000 and its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
Alan Bean , a US national , was born in Wheeler , Texas . He served as a test pilot before becoming part of the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission as a crew member .
Alan Shepard was born on the 18th of November , 1923 in New Hampshire and passed away on the 21st of July , 1998 in California . He graduated with a M . A . from NWC in 1957 .
Alan Shepard has died in California . He was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC MA in 1957 . He served as a test pilot .
Alan Shepard was originally from New Hampshire and joined NASA in 1959 where he became a member of the Apollo 14 crew . Mr Shepard passed away .

Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923 . Before his death in California he had been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy an award higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and was a student at University of Texas at Austin . This University , whose president is Gregory L . Fenves , is affiliated with the University of Texas System . The University of Texas at Austin competes in the Big 12 Conference .
Elliot See , who was born on the 28th February 1966 in Dallas , has died in St Louis . He will be remembered as a great student at University of Texas at Austin .
Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , Texas , attended the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated to the University of Texas system ) which will compete in the big 12 conference .
Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , has died in St Louis . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system .
William Anders joined NASA and was a member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman as Commander and Buzz Aldrin as back up pilot . William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 .
A . C . Cesena , with 23900 members , is in the Serie B league and has a ground in Cesena .
Massimo Drago played for S . S . D . Potenza Calcio and now plays for Calcio Catania while managing A . C . Cesena .
A . C Lumezzane , with 4150 members , play in the Lega Pro / A , participating in the 2014 season .
Isidro Metapan ( A . D . Isidro Metapan ) has 10000 members and are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the leader of the country is Nikos Voutsis and / or Prokopis Pavloopoulos .
Stuart Parker is a footballer with the Drogheda United F . C . , also plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton and has managed AFC Blackpool .
Stuart Parker ( football player of Drogheda United F . C . ) managed AFC Blackpool . He was a member of Stockport County F . C .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager . He is attached to Irlam Town Football Club and is part of the KV Mechelen club .

Christian Panucci was attached to the Real Madrid CF club , he managed A . S . Livorno Calcio and played football for Genoa C . F . C .
A . S . Roma , or Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . , has 70634 members and its ground is in Rome , Italy .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members , their ground is in Athens and they play in the Superleague of Greece .
AFC Ajax , who played in the 2014 season , have 5000 members and play in the Hoofdklasse league .

Alkmaar Zaanstreek ( AZ Alkmaar ) has 170723 members and played in the 2014 season .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar , he is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for De Graafschap .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense plays at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca . The club play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and the champions of the league were the Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , that is based in Brazil . The champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
St Vincent - St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault who play in the Premier Development League which K - W United FC have been champions of .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and plays in the Premier Development League of which K - W United FC were champions .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , country of Italians where the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
The Olympic Stadium in Athens is the home ground of AEK Athens FC . The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis .

The Turkish lira is the currency of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and Ankara is the capital . The Ataturk Monument designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica is located in Izmir and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Huyseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial . It is located in Baku , Azerbaijan , which has legislature of National Assembly , and led by the Prime Minster . The memorial is made from red granite and white marble , and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
AC Cesena are in the Serie B league , previously won by Carpi F . C . 1909 .
The home ground of A . C . Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi , he played in Serie A .
A . C . Lumezzane play in Italy , where the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan and plays for C . D . FAS .

The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) , he played for Runcorn FC Halton .
AFC Blackpool have had the manager Stuart Parker who currently plays for Sparta Rotterdam .
The Fylde , ( capacity 3180 ) is the home ground of AFC Fylde .
A . F . C . Fylde are based at Bryning Lane and they have 3180 members .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who previously played for the Italian national football team .
A . S . Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy and they play in Serie A .

Frank de Boer is in the Ajax Youth Academy and manages AFC Ajax .
AFC Ajax has 53502 members and is owned by AFC Ajax N . V . .
AFC Ajax is based in Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014 - 15 Topklasse season and their home ground has a capacity for 5000 fans .
The AZAL Arena in Shuvalan is the ground of AZAL PFK .
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar which has 17023 members .
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense which is in Brazil .

The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio in the U . S .





A Fortress of Grey Ice was produced in Hardcover .




The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459 .

The abbreviation of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is Acta Math . Hungar .

The CODEN code for the Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is APGPAC .
Addiction ( journal ) has an OCLC number 27367194 .
Addiction journal is published by Wiley - Blackwell .

The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 78771100 .
Alcatraz versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .

Castle is followed by Aenir .
Cornell Big Red is the nickname for Cornell University .
HIV genus is categorised as Lentivirus .
Wolf Solent is a notable work of author John Cowper Powys .
Elizabeth II is the leader in the UK .
A leader in the United States is Joe Biden .



1634 : The Ram Rebellion , available in hardcover was written by Eric Flint .

The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom , where the leader is Elizabeth II .
J . V . Jones is the author of " A Fortress of Grey Ice , " ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
The ISBN number of the currently in print book , " A Glastonbury Romance , " is 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
A hardcover copy of A Glastonbury Romance is available with the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
A Glastonbury Romance , 1174 pages , is available in print .
The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 ; the OCLC number is 57392246 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where many Asian Americans live , .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States .

A Wizard of Mars has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 and was published in hardback .
A Wizard of Mars with ISBN number " 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 contains 560 pages .

The novel Aenir was followed by Above the Veil written in English .
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir which was preceded by the novel Castle .
Springer Science + Business Media founded by Julius Springer is the publisher of Acta Mathematica Hungarica .
The code for Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated as Admin . Sci . Q ) is ASCQAG .
Cornell University , affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .

The ISBN number of the 320 - page long Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
AIDS ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline HIV which is part of the family of orthoretrovirinae .

Ireland is a country within Europe and the ethnic group are white people . The novel A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture which was published by Faber and Faber .

Above the Veil is an Austrlian novel and the sequel to Aenir and Castle . It was followed by Into the Battle and The Violet Keystone .
Cornell Unversity is in Ithaca , New York and their nickname is Cornell Big Red . They are the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of American Universities .
Cornell University , of Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . The University , which has the nickname Cornell Big Red , is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .

A severed Wasp is a novel from the United States where English is largely spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital of the US is Washington D . C . and African Americans are an ethnic group there .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States . English is spoken there ( as in Great Britain ) and Joe Biden is a leading politician there . African Americans are an ethnic group in the US .
AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom , which capital is London and the language is English . The leaders of that country are David Cameron and Elizabeth II .



Alan Bean is a US national who was on the crew of Apollo 12 . His birthplace is Wheeler , Texas . He was born on March 15 , 1932 and he is retired . He performed as a test pilot on The Apollo 12 mission that was operated by NASA .

Alan Shephard is a US citizen who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 . He was chosen by NASA in 1959 and he crewed Apollo 14 .
The deceased Alan Shepard , a United States national , was born in New Hampshire on 1923 - 11 - 18 . He graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 and served as a Test pilot . Alan Shepard died in California .




Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and obtained a doctorate in Science from MIT in 1963 . He served as a fighter pilot before being hired by NASA in 1963 and serving as a crew member on Apollo 11 with backup pilot William Anders .
Elliot See has died in St Louis . He was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 and graduated from University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system prior to serving as a test pilot .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 . He was a student at University of Texas at Austin , and later served as a test pilot . Elliot died in St . Louis on February 28 , 1966 .
William Anders in an American who was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933 . After graduating from AFIT with an M . S . in 1962 , he worked as a test pilot until he retired on the 1st of September 1969 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County . Maryland ' s Carrol County is located to the southeast .

The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The native name of the memorial is " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " and was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . The leader of Turkey is Artur Rasizade .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The memorial is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and can be found in Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , was constructed using red granite and white marble . It is located in Baku , Azerbaijan , which is led by a Prime Minister . This Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . Adams County is south of Cumberland County and to the northwest of Carroll County , Maryland .

Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan and the location of the Turkish Martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Baku . The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , where leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is known as the National Assembly .
Artur Rasizade is an Azerbaijan leader . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial located in Baku , Azerbaijan is made with red granite and white marble and has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Artur Rasizade is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan . Azerbaijan is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku .
David Scott was the commander of the NASA operated Apollo 12 flight mission on which the crew included Alan Bean .

Buzz Aldrin ( AKA Edwin E Aldrin Jr ) graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D . was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Born in Glen Ridge , NJ , Buzz Aldrin spent 52 minutes in space as part of Apollo 11 ' s crew .
Alan Shepard , who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , died in California where the Smilodon fossil was found .
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 . He died in St . Louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
Elliot See ( deceased ) was born in Dallas 1927 - 07 - 23 .
William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933 , crewed Apollo 8 .


The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial in Azerbaijan , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .



Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in the United States .
Buzz Aldrin has since retired but he once served as a fighter pilot .
Buzz Aldrin was on Apollo 11 which NASA operated .
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot who was also part of the Apollo 11 crew .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 .
The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Alba Iulia is in Romania .
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County .

The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark .
A dish found in the Andalusian region of Spain is called Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) . It contains bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italian food and comes from the country ' s Lazio region . The main ingredients of the sauce are guanciale , tomatoes , cheese , and olive oil .



Malaysia and the Malay Peninsula are home to the dish Asam pedas . The capital of Malaysian Chinese and Indian inhabited Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur .
Malaysia , led by Arifin Zakaria , is home to the Malaysian Indian and Chinese , as well as the asam pedas of the Malay Peninsula region .
Ayam penyet is a food made in Java regions of Malaysia and Singapore . It contains fried chicken that is smashed and served hot with sambal .
Ayam penyet ( origins : Indonesia ) contains squeezed / smashed fried chicken with sambel and is popular in Malaysia . Malasysia is home to the Malaysian chinese .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States whose leader is Barack Obama . The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C . , the spoken language is English and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
Baked Alaska , served in Hong Kong , who ' s political leader is Carrie Lam , but is actually from France where the national language is French and the leader is Gerard Larcher .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart , which key ingredient is Shortcrust pastry . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales , which leader is Patrick McLoughlin .





Bhajji ( Bhaji ) , or bajji , contains vegetables and gram flour ; it originates from the Karnataka region of India .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region ( led by Vajubhai Vala ) of India . The Indians of India are led by Sumitra Mahajan .


Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire The frangipane Bakewell tart , a variation of Bakewell pudding , is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area .
The Frangipane - based dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader .
Bakso is a food and a dish found in Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta , the language is Indonesia and Jusuf Kalla is the leader .
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy , where Rome is the capital and where Italians live . Leaders of the country include Sergio Mattarella and Matteo Renzi .
Ayam penyet originates from Java where Baduy people are one of the ethnic groups . The food can also be found in Singapore where English is mainly spoken and Halimah Yacob is the president .

Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia . Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where English is spoken .

The character Asterix was created by Reneé Goscinny and Albert Uderzo .

Doug Moench created the character Ballistic , the fictional superhero whose alter ego is Kelvin Mao .
Bananaman , which starred Graeme Garden , was broadcasted by the BBC .
Bill Oddie , who was born in Lancashire , starred in Bananaman .
Jerry Ordway , an American , is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski .
Sheldon Moldoff is the creator of Black Pirate , who is also known as Jon Valor .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle .
The comic character Bolt , was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger .


The fullname of A . D . Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has the fullname A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in season 2014 .




The A . S . Livorno Calcio has 19238 members .

The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) nickname is Joden , Godenzonen .












Jorge Humberto Rodríguez was a member of the club A . D . Isidro Metapán .

Massimo Drago plays for S . S . Chieti Calcio .



The TV character Bananaman was created by John Geering . The programme was broadcast by the BBC and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor . It first aired on the 10th March 1983 and was last shown on April 15th 1986 .
Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit .
Cyril Ramaphosa leads South Africa , whose capital , Cape Town , houses 11 Diagonal Street .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Jacob Zuma is a leader and some coloured people live .



300 North Lasalle is in Chicago , U . S . Rahm Emanuel leads Chicago .
3Arena , located in Dublin , was designed by HOK SVE and completed December 2008 .
The 3Arena in Dublin was designed by architects from the Populous company and completed in December 2008 .
3Arena in Dublin , Republic of Ireland is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .

James Pain designed Adare Manor that was completed in 1862 . The owner is J . P . McManus .
Addis Ababa City Hall , which houses the Government of Addis Ababa , is 42 m high and has a floor area of140000 . 0 square metres .
Adisham Hall , with its Tudor Revival style of architecture , was built in 1931 in Sri Lanka .


The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall , located in Virginia , and the start date of building was in 30th March 2007 .


The Alan B . Miller Hall , owned by The College of William and Mary , is in Williamsburg , Virginia and was opened on the 30th March 2007 .


The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House on U . S . Route 83 was constructed in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22 November 1988 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , Pacific Grove , California , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with a reference number of 87000823 .

The location of Asser Levy Public Baths is New York City , Manhattan in the U . S .

The capital city of Turkey is Ankara and the country ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . The country is the location of Izmir where the bronze Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are the designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The memorial is located in Azerbaijan and dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who died in the battle of Baku . Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader of the country .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established on 11th July 1907 ) belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States and is located on Monocacy National Battlefield . The nearest city is Frederick , Frederick County , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , in Frederick County , Maryland , USA . Established on July 11 , 1907 , the monument is categorized as a historic district and is owned by the National Park Service .
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco , which is from Spain and an alternative name to Ajo blanco .


Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia , where the dish arem - arem is found nationwide , though it is more specific to Java .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the spoken language is Italian and a leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome in Italy and one of the main ingredients is chili pepper .
Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , which is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy .
Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia , Spain , and one of its ingredients is Squid .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre , which is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in Spain .
The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula . Malaysia and the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Ayam penyet originates from Malaysia and Java . The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .

Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Washington D . C . is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The Bacon Explosion originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington DC .

The bacon sandwich , a variation of the BLT , comes from the UK and contains condiments .
An ingredient of baked Alaska is meringue which originates in France and the New York regions .
An ingredient of baked Alaska is sponge cake , the dish originates from New York , USA .
Cookies are a dessert item , as is Baked Alaska that has Christmas pudding as one of its ingredients .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which is a dessert , same as sandesh .
Kidney beans are an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia department .
Barny cakes are found in France where both Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders .
Barny cakes may be made with apple and have 1 . 8g of protein and 18g of carbohydrates .



The main ingredients in Bhajji , which originates from Indiam are gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji originate from India where T S Thakur leads the Indian people .
The dish bhajji originates in India where T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders .
Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka , its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines made from banana and sweet potato .
Sour cream is used to serve Bionico , a dessert food found in Mexico .
Raisins are an ingredient of Bionico which is from the region Jalisco , Mexico .
Celery is a member of the family Apiaceae , it is from the genus apium and is an ingredient of Bakso .

Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Ayam penyet is from Singapore and also Java , where the Baduy are an ethnic group .

Arros negre comes from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and the Spanish language is spoken .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 600 students . The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is named Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . The Institute was established in the year 2000 and the director there is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy and the director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . It was established in 2000 and its affiliation is Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Governed by the International Tennis Federation , the Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka offers tennis courses and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . Karnataka is east of the Arabian Sea .

The leader of Romania , the Prime Minister , is Klaus Iohannis . The capital is Bucharest , their ethnic group is Germans of Romania and its patron Saint is Andrew the Apotle . In Romania we can found 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
Established in 1928 and with a current staff of 737 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association . The country ' s leader is named Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 and its affiliation is European University Association . The number of students is 16000 and academic staff is 737 .








3 Arena is located at East Link Bridge .
















One language used in the Republic of Ireland is English .



The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) , which is in Turkey , is 1932 - 07 - 27 .

Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is called Turk Sehitleri Aniti .

The comic character Asterix , was created by René Goscinny .
The comic book character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman .
Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder .
Bananaman was broadcasted by STV .
Bananaman was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 .
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman .



The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin .
The comic book character Bozo the Iron Man ' s alter ego is Hugh Hazzard .

Marv Wolfman has received the Eagle Award for comics .

Previous champions of the Superleague Greece are Olympiacos FC . AEK Athens FC also compete in the league and they are managed by Gus Poyet who previously played for Chelsea FC and whose club is Real Zaragoza .
Llocated in Alagoas , Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , which is from Brazil , and the champions of which have been Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Serie C . Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca ( Arapiraca ) is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C , which is from Brazil . It is in this league that Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in . They are managed by Vica , and have17000 members .


300 North LaSalle , which has 60 floors , is located in Chicago which is part of DuPage County in Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
Located in Dublin , Leinster , 3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . Dublin is also part of the Republic of Ireland and is lead by Dáil Éireann .

Admisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , where the currency is the Sri Lankan Rupee and the language used is Tamil .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where the capital is called Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka , and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Akita Museum of Art is in the city of Akita , Japan . The main ethnic group in Japan are the Japanese , the leader is Taro Aso and Akita , Akita is part of Akita Prefecture .
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat , Ahmedabad which is in India . Gujarat ' s leader is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and Narendra Modi is the prime minister of India .

There are 476 beds at Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader . Another leader within the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe .

Julia Morgan , born in California , was the architect behind the grounds of Asilomar Conference , the Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and Chinatown in San Francisco .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 and are in Pacific Grove , California . They have an Arts and Crafts movement style architecture and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
The Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 in the architectural style of Romanesque Revival , and is located on 23rd Street , Manhattan . The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on " 1980 - 04 - 23 " , with reference number 80002709 .
The location of Asser Levy Public Baths are New York City , US . New York City and Manhattan are part of New York . The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer .
Birmingham is lead by Andrew Mitchell and the Birmingham City Council . The town , which has the B postcode , is the birthplace of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders in the country .


Alimentum is not a family - friendly place , located in city centre .
Alimentum is not family - friendly . Alimentum is in the city center and it is near Burger King .
Alimentum city centre is family - friendly
Located Burger King in the city centre , Alimentum is family - friendly .
Alimentum , located on the river . No good for families .
Alimentum at the riverside near Burger King is a non - family - friendly establishment .
A kid friendly venue named Alimentum is located on the riverside .
Alimentum is a family friendly establishment in the riverside area near the Burger King .

Located in riverside area , Alimentum restaurant is a place to bring the whole family .

Alimentum across from Burger King no kids














If you ' re looking for a decent , family friendly coffee shop in riverside , then go to Aromi . It serves Chinese food there too .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called Aromi . It sells Chinese food and is children friendly . Overall , it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

The kid friendly coffee shop , Aromi , serves Chinese food and is located riverside . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
coffee shop and Chinese food available at the Aromi . Customer rating 5 out of 5 . City center based . Not family friendly
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre . It is of high standard and families are welcome .

There is a coffee shop on riverside that serves Chinese food Aromi . It is not family friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . This family friendly eatery in riverside gets 5 out of 5 stars .

Aromi , coffee shop , Chinese food , average customer rating , city centre , non family friendly
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food . It has an average rating and it located in the city centre . It is family friendly .

In the riverside area there is a Chinese coffee shop named Aromi . It is not really family friendly and has an average rating from customers .
In riverside , a coffee shop named Aromi provide Chinese cuisine with kids friendly environment and average rating .

Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside with a high customer rating and is kids friendly .

Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It has low customer ratings and it is located in the city centre . It is not family friendly .

Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating in the riverside area .
Conveniently located in riverside is a coffee shop serving low rated Chinese food called Aromi . They are not family friendly .
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area with a low customer rating .



Aromi is a coffee shop , which has a nice clientele , family atmosphere and English food service . It is located in the area of Riverside



Aromi is a coffee shop selling British food . It has a low customer rating but is found by the riverside and is child - friendly .
Aromi is an English coffee shop rated 3 out of 5 known for being kid friendly and located in riverside

Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre which is not family - friendly with a customer rating 5 out of 5 .


Aromi is a family - friendly coffee shop located in a riverside area . It serves English food , and customers give it a 5 out of 5 star rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre . It offers English food with an average rating . It is not family - friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers English food . It is family - friendly . Customer Ratings are average . It is located in the city center .
In the Riverside area Aromi serves English food in a coffee shop environment . Not considered family - friendly it has and average customer rating .
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop that servers English food in riverside is children friendly
There ' s a child friendly coffee shop by the riverside , which serves English food and has a high customer rating . It ' s called Aromi .
The Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre with a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .













By the riverside , close to Café Sicilia , a Bibimbap House can be found .


Browns Cambridge is a family - friendly coffee shop that is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel which is outside the city centre .















Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel at the riverside . It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is located in the city centre . Rating is 5 out of 5 and family friendly .

Adults - only coffee shop , Browns Cambridge , serves Chinese food . It is rated 5 out of 5 by customers and is located by the riverside close to Crowne Plaza Hotel .
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food on riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . They welcome families and have have a five star rating . It is called Browns Cambridge .
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food . The customer rating is average but is not family friendly . It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .


Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is average .
There is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel , in the riverside area , called Browns Cambridge . They offer Chinese food , are reported to be family friendly , and have and average customer rating .
An average rated Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside is called Browns Cambridge . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The highly rated coffee shop Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel offering Chinese food .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is high .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city centre , near Crowne Plaza Hotel , that also serves Chinese food , is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel . The customer Rating is low but is family friendly .


In the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating known as Browns Cambridge .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is low .




Browns Cambridge , located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , is a well liked English coffee shop that offers a children friendly atmosphere .

A coffee shop called Browns Cambridge provides English food and is near to Crown Plaza Hotel . It is kids friendly and is by the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .




Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars . It is in the city centre area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . Not Kid Friendly
in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is family - friendly highly rated English food at Browns Cambridge coffee shop
For an adults - only venue , rated 5 out of 5 by its patrons , head to Browns Cambridge , near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside . It is a coffee shop offering English food .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly English coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . They have an average customer rating and re not family - friendly .
There is a family - friendly coffee shop Browns Cambridge in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that provides English food and it is average rating hotel .

Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop style with English food located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
English food can be found in a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area . It is called Browns Cambridge and is located near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has an average customer rating .

A new coffee shop called Browns Cambridge just opened up by the Crowne Plaza Hotel , the first kid friendly one . It has a lovely view of the riverside , and amazing English muffins . I give high ratings .

Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
The coffee shop named Browns Cambridge is family - friendly and serves English food . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is a English food , coffee shop that is not family - friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with a low customer rating .
Near Crown Plaza Hotel by the riverside is Browns Cambridge , a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food . It has a low customer rating .









Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall serving fried food with a low star rating .



Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food located by the river close to Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food . It has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is located at riverside near Clare Hall
Clowns in riverside , near Clare Hall has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is a coffee shop and also has Chinese food .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Clare Hall . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside near the Clare Hall that provides Chinese food , with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Clowns is a coffee shop which also serves Chinese food . It is located near Clare Hall in the city centre and with an average customer rating .
There is an average rated Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall called Clowns . It is located in the riverside area .

Clowns coffee shop has a high customer rating . It serves Chinese food near Clare Hall in riverside .
Located in the center of the city , near Clare Hall , is a Chinese coffee shop called Clowns , with low customer ratings .
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop that also serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall .

Clowns is located in riverside near Clare Hall . They are a coffee shop that servers English food and have a 1 our of 5 rating .
Clowns is a coffee shop which serves English food . It is located near Clare Hall in the city centre .
Clowns coffee shop is located near Clare Hall on the riverside . it serves English food and has been rated as 1 out of 5


Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food and is near Clare Hall . It is located riverside and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

In the area of city centre and near Clare Hall is Clowns . It is a coffee shop that has English food that is has an average rating .
Near Clare Hall , Clowns is a coffee Shop that offers English food . It has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside .
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food and has a high customer rating . . They are near Clare Hall in the riverside area .
Located in the city centre near Clare Hall is a coffee shop called Clowns . This coffee shop serves English food and has a low customer rating .
There is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside called Clowns . Clowns serves English food with low customer ratings .







A non - children friendly restaurant , Cocum serves Chinese food and coffee for a high price . It ' s customer rating is one out of five stars .















The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It is not kid friendly , the rating is high , and the price range is more than £ 30 .
The Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 . It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly .



Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

coffee shop meets Chinese food at Cocum , where the cheap prices earns 5 out of 5 stars and is family friendly .


There is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Cocum but it has a very average rating .



Cocum coffee shop is not kid friendly and expensive and is rated one out of five by customer does serve Chinese food .

Cocum is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food at a high price range . It has an average customer rating . It is not kids friendly .
Cocum serves high - priced Chinese food in a coffee shop venue . It has an average customer rating and is child - friendly .


There is a low priced coffee shop called Cocum that serves Chinese food , it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
Cocum is a low priced Chinese coffee shop , it has low customer ratings , but is child friendly .

Cocum is a combination Chinese food and coffee shop . It is moderately priced but has poor reviews , and not for kids .
There is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food at Cocum . They are kids friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 .
Cocum , a coffee shop sells Chinese . It has a moderate price range and it is not a kid - friendly place . It ' s customer rating is 3 out of 5
Cocum , a child friendly coffee shop offers Chinese food at a moderate price range . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .


Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . Its customer rating is high .


Cocum coffee shop offers highly rated Chinese food . The average price is £ 20 - 25 and the space is kid friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . Its customer rating is high .







The cheap coffee shop Cocum serves English food , has a rating of 5 out of 5 , but is not family - friendly .
There is a cheap English coffee shop that is highly rated and family friendly called Cocum .
Cocum serves English Food at a Cheap Rate . You can get your coffee here and it is not family - friendly . The customer rating is average for this place .
There is a cheap , English food serving coffee shop called Cocum that is family friendly and has an average customer rating

With a rating of 1 out of 5 , Cocum is a coffee shop serving high priced English food

An expensive , English coffee shop called Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly .
Cocum is an English coffee shop . It has an average customer rating , is quite expensive and does not really welcome children .



The Cocum is a cheap priced , English coffee shop with a low customer rating . It is not family - friendly .
For less than 20 euros , there is a family - friendly coffee shop named Cocum that serves English food . It has a low customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 . It ' s not kid - friendly , but it serves English food at a moderate price .
The coffee shop Cocum has a moderate price range . It is an English speaking establishment and is kid friendly . The customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Cocum is a coffee shop . It has a 3 out of 5 rating . It is not kids friendly and it has a moderate price range . It serves English food .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food at a moderate price . It is kids friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .

Cocum is a coffee shop which also serves English food at an average price range . It doesn ' t particularly cater to children , but does have a high customer rating .
The coffee shop Cocum serves English food at an average price . It is not kids - friendly but it is highly rated by customers .
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers English food named Cocum . It has a high rating and the price range is £ 20 - 25 .



Cocum is a family friendly three star rated coffee shop . It is in the low price range .






Cocum is a non - family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out 5 and has a low price range .
































Cotto is a low priced coffee shop located within the city centre , near The Portland Arms . They feature low priced Chinese cuisine and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
An average rated coffee shop , Cotto , located near The Portland Arms in the city centre serves Chinese food at a cheap price .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .

An expensive coffee shop , Cotto , serves Chinese food in the city centre . They are located near The Portland Arms and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Here is a riverside coffee shop near The Portland Arms called Cotto . It serves Chinese and with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .

Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre . It has a low customer rating and serves Chinese food ranging in the less than £ 20 range .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves low rated Chinese food for less than £ 20 near The Portland Arms in the riverside area .
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices located in riverside near The Portland Arms .
Cotto is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food . It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .


Chinese food serving coffee shop , Cotto , near The Portland Arms in the city centre has a price range of more than £ 30 and a high customer rating .
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms at the riverside that serves Chinese food . The price range is more than £ 30 but was given a high customer rating .



Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area sits a coffee shop called Cotto serving Chinese food . Cotto has a high customer rating with prices ranging from £ 20 - 25 .





The city centre has a venue serving English food , near The Portland Arms with a high customer rating called Cotto , a coffee shop with price range of £ 20 - £ 25






There is a cheap coffee shop Cotto also offering English food . It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre . Customers rated Cotto 5 out of 5 .
Come visit Cotto , our new English coffee shop that customers are rating 5 out of 5 . The price is affordable and it is located in the beautiful riverside area near The Portland Arms .

Cotto is a coffee shop located at the riverside near The Portland Arms . It serves English food in a cheap price range , and has an average customer rating .

In the riverside area , there is a high priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms called Cotto that serves English food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating




Cotto situated in the city centre near The Portland Arms serves high priced English food , it is a coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

In the city centre , by the The Portland Arms , is a coffee shop called Cotto . It is a high priced location that serves English style food . Cotto has an average customer review rating .
Cotto is an average rated coffee shop on the riverside that offers English food at high prices near The Portland Arms

In the city centre near The Portland Arms , a coffee shop named Cotto serves English for for a price range of less than £ 20 , although this gets a low customer rating .
With low customer rating , the coffee shop called Cotto serves English food at less than £ 20 in the riverside area , near The Portland Arms .

Cotto is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre .
The Portland Arms is near the Cotto which is a coffee shop that has English food . Located in the riverside area with moderate prices and a rating of 1 out of 5 .


Cotto is an expensive , highly - rated English coffee shop in the City Centre near The Portland Arms .

















Cotto is a coffee shop in the moderate price range . It is located east of The Portland Arms .



There is a coffee shop call Fitzbillies located out side the city center . It is in the mid price range and welcomes families .




























There is a medium price range for families which is Fitzbillies coffee shop .

Fitzbillies Chinese food is the best customer rated coffee shop in the Riverside area .








There is a coffee shop in the city centre that is suitable for children . Its called Fitzbillies and serves Chinese food for around £ 30 . It has a high customer rating .



Fitzbillies is an average , cheaply - priced coffee shop in Riverside that serves that also serves Chinese food to single patrons , without a family .


Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre . It is in the cheap price range but is not family friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Family friendly coffee Shop that is called Fitzbillies . We sell cheap Chinese food located in the city centre . We have a rating 5 out of 5
This non kid friendly coffee shop , Fitzbillies , is located in riverside . They serve cheap Chinese food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies , located in the riverside area , is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that in addition to being cheap , has also received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .




Fitzbillies offers Chinese food in a city centre coffee shop ideal for families , at low prices . Its customer ratings are average .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is average .
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside that sells Chinese food in a cheap price range . It has an average customer rating and is average and it is not family friendly .
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating . They are family friendly .





Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food with high price ranges and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre . They are not child friendly .

Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
There is a non children friendly Chinese coffee shop in Riverside called The Fitzbillies . It is in the high price range and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .


Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is average .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with a high price range . It is located in riverside and has average customer ratings . It is not children friendly .
Fitzbillies , located near city centre , is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It has a high price range , average customer rating and no , it is not children friendly .

Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is average .
There is a coffee shop on riverside that is child friendly that serves Chinese food , Fitzbillies . It has a high price range and an average customer rating .


Fitzbillies located near the center of the city is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is a low priced , low customer rating non family friendly choice .
Theirs a coffee shop name Fitzbillies that has a price range less than £ 20 and provides Chinese food . Has a low customer Rating but it ' s family friendly winch is located in the city center

Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside with low customer ratings and prices less than £ 20 that is not family friendly .
Fitzbillies Chinese coffee shop by the riverside is family friendly but has a low customer rating . It usually costs less than £ 20 .




A moderately priced Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , is not child friendly and is located in the city centre .
The coffee shop Fitzbillies offers amazing Chinese food at a moderate price . Had a rating of 1 out of 5 . Fitzbillies is kid friendly and located in the city centre .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

Fitzbillies is a moderate priced coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area . It is rated 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly .

Fitzbillies , coffee shop , Chinese food , price range moderate , customer rating 3 out of 5 , area city centre , not kids friendly


Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area . It is moderately priced and has an average customer rating but is not kid friendly .
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food that received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . Kid friendly and located in riverside .




A children friendly Chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating is Fitzbillies in the city centre . It has a price range more than 30 euros .

For a nice Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area , Fitzbillies is a great option . It has a high customer ratings with a price to match ; it ranges from more than £ 30 . It is not children friendly .





Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high .
There is a non kids friendly high rated coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the riverside area . They provide Chinese food in the price range of £ 20 - 25 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food on riverside . It is child friendly and has a price range of £ 20 - 25 with high customer ratings .


















Fitzbillies is a cheap but delicious coffee shop located in the riverside area . They serve English food within a cheap price range .


A five star coffee shop in the Riverside area , Fitzbillies serves family friendly English food at a cheap price .
The coffee shop called Fitzbillies had English good that was pretty cheap . It is located in the city centre where the unfriendly families rated it 5 out of 5
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and offering cheap English food The Fitzbillies is a adult coffee shop in the riverside area .
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating , a cheap and family - friendly English coffee shop named Fitzbillies is located in the city centre .
on the riverside is a coffee shop that serves English food . Fitzbillies is not family - friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and cheap price range .

Fitzbillies is a cheap average rating English coffee shop that ' s not family - friendly in the city centre .






Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre which serves English food . It has a low customer rating and the prices are high and unfortunately it is not child friendly .
A high priced English coffee shop that is in the city centre and is children friendly is called Fitzbillies . Customers rated it 1 out of 5 .

Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving high priced English food . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not children friendly . It is based in the riverside area .
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food by the riverside . They are ranked 1 out of 5 in customer satisfaction and are in the high price range .




In the city centre is a high price range English coffee shop with an average customer rating called Fitzbillies . It is child friendly .
Fitzbillies coffee shop , English food by the riverside . Expensive 3 star family friendly dining .





Fitzbillies offer less than £ 20 English meals and coffee shop , situated in city centre and family - friendly and low rated

Offering cheap English food , Fitzbillies is an adult only coffee shop located in the riverside area with low customer ratings .




Fitzbillies is a moderately ranked adult only English coffee shop located in the city centre with average prices
Fitzbillies coffee shop by the river , offering good , affordable English food to all the family .


A moderately priced English coffee shop in the city centre , Fitzbillies , is not kid friendly . A 1 out of 5 rating .
Fitzbillies is a moderate price ranged coffee shop serving English food . It is family - friendly , in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides English food in the moderate price range . It is located in riverside , with a customer rating 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly .
Fitzbillies is a moderate price range coffee shop by the riverside that serves English food , is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

Fitzbillies is kids friendly and has a moderate price range . It sells English food and is a coffee shop . It is in the city centre and has a 3 out of 5 rating .







Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a price range of more than £ 30 . It has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
For more than £ 30 and with a high customer rating , Fitzbillies , a no child friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area serves English food
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre area serves English food at a price range of 20 - 25 with a high customer Rating and Kids friendly status .

Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating . It is not kids friendly and has a price range of 20 to 25 pounds .

Fitzbillies is a highly rated , kid friendly coffee shop on the riverside that offers English food for average price .


























Midsummer House have 3 out of 5 customer rating . It is located near The Bakers
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near The Bakers .
Located near The Bakers Midsummer House has an average rating
High customer rating , Midsummer House , is near The Bakers .
Hello this is a low rating venue called Midsummer House near The Bakers .

Near the river is a coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge . It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family - friendly .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing food that is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and riverside , and is children friendly .






For Chinese , head to Taste of Cambridge . It ' s a family friendly coffee shop located in the City Centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
located in the city center . right next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel , the coffee shop , Taste of Cambridge , has wonderful Chinese food . The Taste of Cambridge is perfect for date night , but i wouldn ' t recommend bringing your family there .
The Taste of Cambridge is a great coffee shop along the riverside , and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is not family friendly , but serves Chinese food .
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .

The Taste of Cambridge sells English food and is not a family - friendly coffee shop located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . It serves English cuisine and is family - friendly .

A coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge is situated near Crowne Plaza Hotel at Riverside . Not family - friendly but serves English food .
Taste of Cambridge is located near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food .
The Taste of Cambridge is a child - friendly , English coffee shop located in riverside area , near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food . You ' ll find it alongside the river near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It isn ' t a family - friendly establishment .




The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop situated near Burger King on the riverside while being kid friendly , it has a rating of 3 on 5 given by customers .
Yes it is children friendly . The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King . kids - friendly , rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
Located near Burger King in the city centre is the coffee shop , The Cambridge Blue . It is not family - friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre . It is near Burger King and received a 5 out of 5 rating .

Near Burger King , eat at this coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . It is not family - friendly at Riverside . Customer rating is totally 5 out of 5 .
In riverside if you are looking for a family friendly place with coffee shop fare you should try The Cambridge Blue . It has very high ratings and is located near Burger King .

There is a non family - friendly , average rated coffee shop that is located near Burger King in the city centre called The Cambridge Blue .
The Cambridge Blue is a family - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near Burger King in the city centre .

There is a no family - friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located near Burger King in the riverside . Its customer rating is average .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly near Burger King . it is riverside and has an customer rating of average

coffee may be found in a kid friendly atmosphere in The Cambridge Blue , a coffee shop found in the riverside area near Burger King , where customer rating is high .
Near Burger King at the riverside , there is a highly rated and friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King . Its customer rating is low and no family - friendly .
The Cambridge Blue in City center , family - friendly coffee shop near Burger King , low rating .
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop isn ' t family - friendly , has a low customer rating and is near Burger King in the riverside area .
Low customer rating coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King is Children friendly and named The Cambridge Blue











The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food and is a child friendly venue near The Portland Arms . It has poor customer ratings .

Near The Portland Arms is 3 out of 5 customer rated , kid friendly Chinese coffee shop named The Cricketers .



The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that also has Chinese food , located near The Portland Arms . It is not family friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Cricketers is a family friendly , average rated coffee shop that serves Chinese . It is located near The Portland Arms .

The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee with a high customer rating that is kid friendly and near The Portland Arms .

The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that sells Chinese food . It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms , which is family friendly . It has a low customer rating .


The Cricketers a coffee shop that serves English food . It allows children but has a very low rating . It is found near The Portland Arms .


An English coffee shop by the name of The Cricketers is not family - friendly and is near The Portland Arms . It was given a Customer Rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food , is family friendly , is near The Portland Arms and has a Customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms with an average customer rating serving English food . It is not a family - friendly venue .
The Cricketers is an English food . It located near The Portland Arms . It ' s a coffee shop . It ' s children friendly . its customer rating is average .

The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food located near The Portland Arms . They are child friendly and have a high customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms providing English food with a low rating . They are not family - friendly .
The Cricketers family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms serves English food , has low customer rating .





The Eagle at riverside is child friendly . It has decent reviews and is near Café Brazil .

The Eagle , just off the river by Café Brazil , is a poor choice of a place to take a family .
The Eagle , near Café Brazil in the riverside , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly .

A kid friendly place with a rating if 3 out of 5 near Café Brazil in Riverside is called The Eagle
The Eagle is situated on the riverside near Café Brazil . Its customers rate it very highly - 5 out of 5 . However , no , it is not family - friendly .

The Eagle is a family - friendly place that can be found in the city centre close to Café Brazil . Customers have rated it very high .
There is a child - friendly location named The Eagle in Riverside near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Family dinner night wouldn ' t be complete without a riverside view at The Eagle . Located near Café Brazil . The Eagle has a 5 out of 5 rating from satisfied customers .
The Eagle is a family - friendly venue that has been rated average by customers . It is located in the city centre near Café Brazil .


The Eagle is located in the riverside area near to the Café Brazil . It is friendly for family and the customer rating is an average .


The Eagle in Riverside area , is near Café Brazil , it is kids - friendly and has a high customer rating .


The Eagle is family - friendly , near Café Brazil near the city centre and has a low customer rating .
Near Café Brazil in riverside is The Eagle . This is non family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
Near Café Brazil , there is an establishment known as The Eagle . It is family friendly and has a low customer rating . It is located on the riverside .

The Eagle is located next to Burger King on the river and is a family friendly coffee shop .




























The Eagle is this coffee shop , but it also has Chinese food ranging from £ 30 and up with a high customer rating . It ' s not kid friendly and it ' s near Burger King in the city centre .

Near Burger King , The Eagle offers Chinese food and also serves as a highly - rated coffee shop in riverside that is child - friendly . Prices range above 30 pounds .






The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at low prices . It is okay and is located in the city centre . It is family friendly and is near to Burger King .
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that provides Chinese food which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is cheap . It is not family friendly .
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food at a cheap price while providing excellence in customer service rating 5 out of 5 , located in the city centre this family friendly coffee shop is located right near Burger King .

The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food . It is cheap and has excellent reviews but is not family friendly . It can be found in the riverside area near Burger King .
Located riverside , near Burger King , is the cheap coffee shop , The Eagle . Chinese food is served there and it is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .


The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
There ' s a cheap , family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle near to Burger King in the riverside area . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .


The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the high price range with an average customer rating in the City Centre near Burger King and is children friendly



The Eagle is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food and has a high price range . The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly . It is located near Burger King . It is located in city centre


The Eagle is a non - child friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area that serves Chinese food . It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
A child friendly Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle , has a rating of 1 out of 5 , with a high price range and is located riverside , near Burger King .

The Eagle is a non - child friendly Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating . They have a high price range and are in the city centre area nearby Burger King .


The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop offering Chinese food and has an average rating . It is not children friendly and is located at riverside near Burger King .
There is a coffee shop named The Eagle that serves Chinese food . It is expensive with average customer ratings and is child friendly . It is located near Burger King in riverside .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .






The Eagle is a low - rated coffee shop in the riverside area , near Burger King , serving Chinese food priced under £ 20 . They are not family friendly .




The Eagle coffee shop has Chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in city centre , is not kid friendly and is near Burger King .
There ' s a coffee shop called The Eagle . They serve moderately priced Chinese food . They ' re only rated 1 out of 5 but they are kid friendly . The Eagle is located near Burger King in the city centre .

The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves moderate priced Chinese food . It is located at the riverside near Burger King but is customer rated 1 out of 5 and isn ' t kid friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Located in the city centre near Burger King , The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly .
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Eagle located in the center . of the city near Burger King . It is kid friendly and is moderately priced with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

The Eagle , rated at a 3 out of 5 and located on the riverside near Burger King , is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food at a moderate price but is not a kid friendly place .
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop with moderately priced Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars . It is on the riverside near Burger King .


The Eagle is a coffee shop with Chinese food . This establishment has earned a high customer rating . They charge more than 30 pounds . They are located in the city centre near Burger King and are not family friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food . It is near Burger King . The price range is more than £ 30 and it has a customer rating of high . It is child friendly .

Located near Burger King is a coffee shop serving Chinese food called The Eagle . Its price range is over £ 30 , reflected in its high customer rating . It is located on a picturesque riverside . It is not child friendly .






The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is high .


The Eagle if a coffee shop for traditional British food . We ' re near Burger King at City Centre . Join Us .











Near the Burger King is a coffee shop called , The Eagle , that serves traditional English food . It is higher priced and suitable for families .



The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap English food in the riverside area situated near Burger King


The city centre has an English coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating called The Eagle . It is near Burger King , is family - friendly and cheap .
You will find a cheap coffee shop suited for couples in the city center near Burger King named The Eagle That serves English Food and has been rated 5 out of 5 .


Located near Burger King in Riverside , The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers English Food at a cheap price with a 5 out of 5 rating .
The Eagle , is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food and is not family - friendly . It is located in the city centre near Burger King and has received an average customer rating .
The Eagle , located in the city centre , is an English food and coffee shop located near Burger King . Customers have rated it as average , with a cheap price range , and the establishment is kid - friendly .








There is an English coffee shop in the city centre located near Burger King which has a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and also not a Children Friendly named The Eagle
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the center of the city . It serves English food and is friendly for families . Prices are in the high range and customer ratings are low , 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle near Burger King in riverside has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . It is an English coffee shop with a high price range that is not child friendly .



The Eagle is a coffee shop along the riverside near Burger King it serves English food in the high price range . It is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Eagle is located in the city centre area near Burger King . This high - priced coffee shop serves English food with an average customer rating . This is not a family - friendly coffee shop .
A kid friendly coffee shop named The Eagle has opened near Burger King in the city centre . They serve English food , have an average customer rating , and high prices .
The Eagle is not children friendly , but if you are in riverside near Burger King , it ' s an option for English food . It is an expensive coffee shop with average ratings .




Despite having a low customer rating , The Eagle is a family - friendly English coffee shop with meals less than 20 pounds . It is located in the city centre near Burger King .


The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with prices less than £ 20 . They serve English food . They are in the riverside area near Burger King . The Eagle ' s customer rating is low .



The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King serving English food at a moderate price . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is not kids - friendly .
Near Burger King in the city centre is a coffee shop called The Eagle serving moderately priced English food . Customer ratings are low and it does not cater for children .

The Eagle is a coffee shop with a moderate price range . They serve English food and is not kids friendly . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It ' s near Burger King , in riverside .
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food . It is near Burger King , in the riverside area . It is in the moderate price range and is kid friendly . The customer rating is a 1 out of 5 .

The Eagle is a moderately priced family - friendly coffee shop serving English food . Located at the city centre near the Burger King , The Eagle boasts a 3 out of 5 customer satisfaction rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King and the city centre . It is not family - friendly and the price range is moderate . It serves English food and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
There is an English coffee shop in riverside near Burger King called The Eagle . It has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating , but it is not kids friendly .
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop that has moderate prices and serves English food . It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area near the Burger King .
The Eagle coffee Shop is located near Burger King in riverside area . It providing English food , 3 out of 5 costumer rating and moderate price range




The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King , in the city centre . It is highly rated by customers , is child - friendly , and has a price range that is more than £ 30 .





The Eagle is a kids friendly English coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King . It has a high customer rating and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .

The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King . The price range is from 20 to 25 pounds with high customer ratings and is kid friendly . The food is English and is in the riverside area .





















The Eagle is a restaurant that is not friendly to families and has low customer ratings . It is located in the center of the city near Café Brazil .


Near Café Brazil by the riverside , there is a family friendly low rated restaurant called The Eagle .


















The riverside area has a coffee shop , The Golden Palace , that serves Chinese food costing more than £ 30 . The customer rating is high .


The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that also serves Chinese food . It has an average customer rating .

The Golden Palace coffee shop in the city centre serves cheap Chinese food with excellent customer ratings .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace located on the riverside is given an average customer rating for having cheap prices . It is a coffee shop that also offers Chinese food .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop sited on the riverside which serves Chinese food . The price range is high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .


There ' s a high priced Chinese coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city center . called The Golden Palace .

The Chinese coffee shop , The Golden Palace , with a high price range , is located in riverside . The customer ratings are average
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese cuisine in the high price range . They are located in the city centre with an average customer rating .



The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food priced less than £ 20 . It has a poor customer rating .
The Golden Palace is located in Riverside . If you are looking for inexpensive coffee and Chinese , stop by . Previous customers have given the establishment a low rating .

The Golden Palace is a coffee shop and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . It serves Chinese food . It ' s located in the city centre and is moderately priced .
The Golden Palace coffee shop and serves Chinese food . The moderate price range has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and can be found in th riverside area .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving moderate priced Chinese food in city center . with a rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside area .

The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese in the city centre . It has a high customer rating and it ' s prices are more than £ 30 .
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace that provides Chinese food with price ranges more than £ 30 and a high customer rating in riverside .
The Golden Palace , is a coffee shop , which offers Chinese food , within a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating , and is located in a city centre .

The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers average priced Chinese food between £ 20 - 25 . Customers in the Riverside area rate it high .


The Golden Palace coffee shop in a riverside location serves medium priced English food
The Golden Palace , a coffee shop with English food in riverside has a moderate customer price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .




In the city centre there is an average coffee shop called The Golden Palace who serve cheap English food .

The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop . It is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . You can find it in the city centre .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which serves English food , with a cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating score located in the riverside area .
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre serving English food . It is rated average by customers .
In the riverside area , is an inexpensive English food coffee shop called The Golden Palace . It have an average rating by customers .
The Golden Palace coffee shop near city centre offers English food with a high price range .


If you want a coffee shop in the riverside area try The Golden Palace . It offers English food at a high price range which has been rated average by previous customers .
The Golden Palace is in the city centre . It is a coffee shop serving English food . Customer rating is average , prices are high .

The Golden Palace is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre . It serves English food for under £ 20 .


The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

The Golden Palace is in the Riverside area . It is a moderate priced coffee shop with English food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace in city centre is a coffee shop with English cuisine . The price range is moderate and the current customer rating is 3 out of 5 .



The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food with a price range of more than 30 .


The Golden Palace has a high customer rating ranging from the prices of £ 20 - 25 . It is a coffee shop that serves English food located in city centre .

















The Golden Palace is a low - priced restaurant on the river that serves breakfast .









In the city centre near The Sorrento , there ' s a Chinese coffee shop called The Mill . Prices are less than £ 20 .
The Mill is a high end coffee shop that sells Chinese food in riverside near The Sorrento .
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food within a cheap price range . It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese Food . It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento with a high price range .
In the riverside area , near The Sorrento , there is an expensive Chinese coffee shop called The Mill .
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Sorrento .
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £ 20 in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
In the city centre near The Sorrento , a coffee shop known as The Mill offers Chinese food at a moderate price range .
The Mill moderately priced Chinese coffee shop is by the river , near The Sorrento

The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop . is is expensive : more than £ 30 . on the river side near The Sorrento .

There is a coffee shop called The Mill providing Chinese food located in the riverside near The Sorrento and it ' s price range is £ 20 - 25 .

The Mill is a costly coffee shop offering British - style dishes . It is located on the river near The Sorrento .

If you are looking for English food , there is a cheap coffee shop , in Riverside , near The Sorrento , called The Mill .

The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food near The Sorrento with a high price range near the area riverside
There is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento that is called The Mill , and it is reasonably priced at less than £ 20 .
The Mill coffee shop has English food near The Sorrento in the riverside area and is priced less than £ 20 .
The Mill is a moderately priced , English coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area .
The Mill , a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento serves English food with a moderate price range

The Mill coffee shop serves English fare at reasonable prices . Near The Sorrento .

The Mill is a coffee shop that serve English food that cost more than £ 30 , they are located near The Sorrento .
The Mill is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food near The Sorrento at a price rage of £ 20 - 25 .

The Mill is a cheap coffee shop near The Sorrento on the river .



The Phoenix is by the riverside . Everyone likes it .
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located within riverside .
In riverside , The Phoenix has a 3 out of 5 rating .
The Phoenix is located in the city center . There customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
On riverside is The Phoenix with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
There is a place called The Phoenix near the city centre with an average customer rating .
The Phoenix has an average customer rating . It is located on the riverside .
The Phoenix at riverside has a high customer Rating .
The Phoenix is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
In riverside is a low rated venue called The Phoenix .








Very Poor unfriendly The Punter near riverside is bad .
In Riverside , there ' s an average place called The Punter that welcomes children .
The Punter in riverside is a child friendly venue with a 1 out of 5 rating .


The Punter in riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .




The Punter is a riverside venue with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . It is not family - friendly .
Yes it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . The Punter is located in riverside .


Located in the city centre , The Punter has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
The Punter is family - friendly with an average rating located in city centre .

Located in the riverside area , The Punter is adult only with average ratings .
The Punter in riverside is family friendly and has average customer ratings .


A child friendly location in the riverside area is The Punter . It has a high customer rating .

Low rated The Punter can be found in the city centre , not family - friendly .
The Punter has a low customer rating . It ' s family - friendly and is located in the City Centre .
Located in riverside , The Punter has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
Located riverside , The Punter is children friendly , and has a low customer rating .

















A Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia the The Punter . It has high ratings , kid friendly , and the price range is between 20 and 25 .


The Punter is a coffee shop that offers cheap Chinese food near Café Sicilia . It is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Punter , located near Café Sicilia , is a coffee shop style eatery , serving cheap Chinese food . While it does not cater to families , it does enjoy a high customer rating , scoring 5 out of 5 .
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop selling Chinese food near Café Sicilia . It is not family friendly and has received average customer ratings .






The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

There is a high priced Chinese coffee shop The Punter near Café Sicilia . Average rating and kid friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is average .



The Punter is a inexpensive family friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food near Café Sicilia . However , it has a low customer rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is low .
The Punter , a Chinese , coffee shop style eatery near the Café Sicilia , has only a 1 out of five customer rating . It ' s moderately priced , but not kid friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is kids friendly with a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5 near Café Sicilia .
The Punter , a coffee shop , serves Chinese food within the moderate price range . It is located near Café Sicilia , and is not kid friendly , with a 3 star rating .

The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .


The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .

The Punter coffee shop is kid friendly and near the Café Sicilia . It has Chinese food with a price range between 20 to 25 . It is highly rated .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .








The Punter near Café Sicilia is a child friendly coffee shop where you can get English food but expect to pay for the average service .
The Punter is a coffee shop of British food . We are near Café Sicilia and we are a familiar place . Join Us .


The Punter is a cheap , 5 out of 5 , coffee shop located near Café Sicilia . The Punter is a family friendly place that serves English cuisine .
The Punter is a coffee shop which serves English food . It is located near Café Sicilia , and has an average customer rating . It is also in the cheap price range , and is family friendly .





With an expensive price tag , low quality food currently rated at 1 out of 5 , and no room for a whole family , The Punter is a coffee shop selling English food that you should stay away from . You can find it near Café Sicilia .
The Punter is a high priced English food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia . It has an average customer rating and is not children friendly .



The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It cost less than £ 20 , is not family - friendly , and has low customer ratings .
Near Café Sicilia , you can find an English coffee shop named The Punter . It has a low rating , but is family friendly and prices are less than 20 pounds .


The Punter ' is a coffee shop with moderate price range selling English food that is child - friendly . It is near Café Sicilia and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Punter , is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It has moderate price range , customer ratings are 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly .
The Punter is a kid - friendly English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Their customer rating is 3 of 5 and they have moderate prices .






Near Café Sicilia , The Punter is a coffee shop with English food , a high customer Rating , is kids Friendly and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .




The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia . It is family friendly .



The Punter is an inexpensive family friendly coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia .






The Punter is restaurant in the city centre with no low rank



Located on the riverside , The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Punter is a family - friendly restaurant in the city centre with a five out of five customer rating .

A family friendly restaurant with 5 out of 5 customer ratings is The Punter . It is along the riverside .

The Punter is a child friendly restaurant along the riverside with high customer ratings .



The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with low customer ratings .








Check out the kid friendly , 1 - star place , The Wrestlers .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue near The Sorrento with low ratings .

The Wrestlers has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . It is kid - friendly .
Near The Sorrento is a 3 out of 5 rated kids friendly location named The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers has a rating of 3 out of 5 . It ' s near The Sorrento and is a good place to take your family .
The Wrestlers has received a 5 out of 5 customer rating it is not family - friendly .

Family friendly The Wrestlers has 5 star rating .
Near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an exceptional customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is non family - friendly with an average customer rating .
Close proximity of The Sorrento is non - family - friendly venue The Wrestlers ; average customer ratings
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and is also children friendly .
The Wrestlers are family friendly average rated and live near The Sorrento family .

The movie The Wrestlers received a high Yes rating from a movie website
The Wrestlers is a highly consumer rated and kid friendly establishment .
Near The Sorrento is located a high - rated and kids friendly site called The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers , with a one star rating , appreciates an adult patron .

The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly show with a low customer rating .
With a low customer rating , The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento . It is also not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating but it is family friendly .


















There is a riverside coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers , that serves Chinese food in the high price range . This venue is not suited for families with children .
The Chinese coffee shop , The Wrestlers , is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . This place isn ' t children friendly , as well as the price range being high .



The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .

The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £ 20 . It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .

There is a coffee shop in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers . It is not family friendly and serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 .
If you want a low - priced coffee shop on the riverside , then try The Wrestlers . This family - friendly coffee shop also serves Chinese food and it is located near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers , a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food less than £ 20 , is located in the riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Moderately priced adult - only Chinese coffee shop , The Wrestlers , can be found in the city centre near to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .

No kids in The Wrestlers , it is a Chinese coffee shop , on the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine , fairly moderate prices .
The Wrestlers coffee shop in the riverside area serves coffee and Chinese food . It is kid friendly and moderately priced . Located near Raja Indian Cuisine .



The Wrestlers coffee shop has Chinese food and is kids friendly . It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high price range .




Serving English food on the riverside in The Wrestlers . A kid friendly coffee shop in the price range £ 20 - £ 25 . The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .

You can enjoy British cuisine at The Wrestlers , a family coffee shop in the mid - price range by a river and near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , they serve English food and our family friendly .



The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine and offers English food and is child friendly . It is in riverside and is expensive .



The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area . It is family - friendly and has a price range of less than £ 20 . It serves English food and is a coffee shop .

A cheap English coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is called The Wrestlers . It isn ' t family - friendly .
For under £ 20 you can eat at The Wrestlers in riverside . It ' s a family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with moderate price featuring English food and is Kid Friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre .
In the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , there is a non kids friendly coffee shop named , The Wrestlers . The price range is moderate and they have English food .
The Wrestlers is a coffee Shop providing English Food . It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . Moderate price range and no kids friendly .
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop near riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . Its price range is moderate and it ' s kids - friendly .


The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine serves English food has a price range more than £ 30 and a children friendly place .












The Wrestlers is a child - friendly , moderate restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 which is great for those on a budget .

A restaurant with a rating of 5 out of 5 that is children friendly is known as The Wrestlers .

The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .

The Wrestlers is an average restaurant that is children friendly .




If you are looking for somewhere kids friendly then look at going to The Wrestlers although it does have a customer rating of 3 out 5 .



Anyone that has been to the Travellers Rest Beefeater beside the Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside will tell you that it is a fantastic experience .
In the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine is the poorly rated Travellers Rest Beefeater .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area , Travellers Rest Beefeater has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside Area is Travellers Rest Beefeater with a 5 out of 5 rating .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine is the Travellers Rest Beefeater in the city centre which has an average rating .
A place with an average customer rating in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater .

Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating in Riverside .
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a low customer rating .
In riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine there is a low rated place called Travellers Rest Beefeater



Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant - Travellers Rest Beefeater in Riverside has an average rating .








There is a coffee shop called Wildwood that serves Chinese food . Located near Ranch , they have a 5 out of 5 customer rating and you can eat there for cheap .
Near the Ranch there is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food named Wildwood and has an average rating .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It his high priced with a 1 of 5 customer rating . It is located near Ranch .
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood selling Chinese food with a high price range . It has an average customer rating .

Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch serves cheap Chinese food , but has a low customer rating .


There is a coffee shop called WIldwood . Wildwood serves Chinese food at a reasonable price . Wildwood is near Ranch and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food , with a customer rating of 1 out 5 . It is near Ranch with a moderate price range .
There ' s an expensive coffee shop that sells Chinese food near Ranch , it ' s called Wildwood . It ' s expensive but has high customer ratings .

Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is high .


Wildwood is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating . It ' s highly priced and located near Ranch .

Wildwood is an average coffee shop that is highly - priced and serves English food near Ranch .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food . They have high customer ratings and cheap prices . They are in the city near the Ranch .
Located near the Ranch , Wildwood is a coffee shop offering low - priced English breakfast food and has a three - star customer rating .

Wildwood is an English coffee shop located near Ranch with high prices and a customer rating of one out of five .






A low rated English style coffee shop around Ranch called Wildwood has moderately priced food .
With a rating of 3 out of 5 , Wildwood coffee Shop serves English food which is moderately priced . It can be found near Ranch .



Wildwood is a coffee shop in the low price range . It is located near Ranch .

