















































































































































































































































































































































Carl vinson ( d ) unopposed is associated with the incumbent Carl Vinson .










The University of North Carolina at Greensboro is in Greensboro , North Carolina .


















Henry garland dupré ( d ) unopposed were the candidates when Henry Garland Dupré was incumbent .













James O ' Connor belonged to louisiana .


The incumbent Carl Vinson is in georgia .

































The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Switzerland has 600 students and the dean is called Mario Botta .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India has the motto " Nurturing Excellence " .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy .
The International Tennis Federation is the governing body for the sport which is offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 .
AWH Engineering College is located in the country of India , whose capital city is Mumbai . One of the rivers in India is called the Ganges .
The Prime Minister of Romania is Klaus Iohannis . The University of Romania was established on 1 Decembrie 1918 .
Universitas Apulensis is the latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania . The patron saint of the country is Andrew the Apostle .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University was established in 1928 . It has 16000 students and an academic staff of 737 .
Abilene Regional Airport has a runway length of 2194 . 0 and serves Abilene , Jones County , Texas in the United States .
Abilene Regional airport , whichis 546 metres above sea level , has the ICAO location identifier of KABI and serves the city of Abilene , Texas . It has the runway named 17L / 35R which is 2194 . 0 in length .
Abilene , Texas is served by Abilene Regional Airport which has the ICAO location identifier of KABI . It is located 546 metres above sea level and has a runway 2194 metres long with the name of 17R / 35L .
Adofo Suárez Madrid - Barajas Airport , which lies 610 metres above sea level , is located in Madrid and operated by ENAIRE . The airport ' s runway , named 14L / 32R , has a length of 4349 . 0 .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh . Uttar Pradesh is part of both Awadh ad Bundelkhand . The Airport ' s ICAO location identifier is " VIAG " . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is called Ram Naik .
Agra Airport , which has the native name of Kheria Air Force Station , is in Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand , where Ram Naik is the leader .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in battles at the invasion of Panama . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers , the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III as transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon as fighter aircraft .
The United States Air Force , which fought battles in the Korean war , is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The US Airforce has a Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft , an aircraft fighter called the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle and an attack aircraft named The Lockheed AC - 130 .
The USAF which fought in the Korean War and invaded Grenada , operates the Al Asad airbase . Among the aircraft found on USAF carriers is the Lockheed AC - 130 Hercules which is a transport plane .
Al Asad airbase is operated by The United States Air Force . The USAF is equipped with the attack aircraft , Lockheed AC - 130 and Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft . The USAF has been involved in the Invasion of Grenada and invasion of Panama .
Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore , is located in Punjab , Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Pakistan is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport located in Punjab , Pakistan , which is lead by Shehbaz Sharif . The airport serves Lahore in Pakistan .
Andrews County Airport in Texas has a runway length of 896 and serves the city of Andrews . It is located 973 metres below sea level and has the runway name 11 / 29 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . The largest city in Texas is Houston , the state capital is Austin and Spanish is one of the languages spoken there .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , a state where Spanish is spoken and the people are called Texans . Houston is the largest city in Texas and Austin is the state ' s capital .
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Luanda province , Angola . The Airport is situated 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of Luanda .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , which is a part of Luanda Province , located in Angola . The airport is 159 meters above sea level and its runway has a lenght of 4000 . 0 .
The Flemish Region owns Antwerp International Airport which is operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works and serves the city of Antwerp . The runway length is 600 . 0 and the airport is 12 metres above sea level .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton . It is situated 280 meters above sea level and has a 2 , 439 kilometers long runway called 3 / 21 .
Appleton , Wisconsin is served by Appleton International Airport which is located in Greenville ( part of Menasha town ) , Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin , USA .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand . Its 3rd runway is made of Poaceae and its name is 03R / 21L . It is 1411 m long and the airport is 34 m above sea level .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines . The runway 12R / 30L is 2989m long and is 211m a . s . l .
Runway 4 / 22 at Atlantic City International Airport has an elevation of 23m above sea level and its length is 1873 . It is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey under the location Identifier of KACY .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium , the country where the leader is Charles Michel . The Flemish Region can be found in Belgium and it is led by the Flemish Government who has jurisdiction over it .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York , United States . Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , Essex County , New York .
325 is the area code for Abilene , Texas .
Abilene , Texas , is part of Texas .
Albany , Georgia is lead by a Mayor .
The total area of Albany Oregon is 45 . 97 Sq K .
Albany , Oregon is located within the United States .

Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Albuquerque City Council .
The United States is the home country to Amarillo , Texas .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas .
Amarillo , Texas is part of the United States .
The area code of Anaheim , California is 657 .

Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , which is in Steuben County .
The City Administrator leads Ann Arbor in Michigan .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is led by the Mayor .
AnnArbor , Michigan has a population of 1580 . 7 peer square kilometer .
Antioch , California is 13 . 0 metres above sea level .
The leader title of Antioch California is California ' s 11th State Assembly district .
Arlington in Texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level .
Atlantic County in New Jersey is located in the United States .
Attica , Indiana is in Fountain County , Indiana .
Auburn is located in Alabama .
California is in the U . S .
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County , Georgia .
Georgia is in the country of United States .

Lee County is in the state of Alabama .
The capital of the state of New Jersey is Trenton .
Potter County is in the State of Texas .
Tarrant County in Texas is in the U . S .
The largest town in Washtenaw county Michigan is Ann Arbor .
Karl Kesel , an American along with Walt Simonson created the comic book character Auron .
A key person at the BBC , which is located in London and broadcast Bananaman , is Baron Hall of Birkenhead , Tony Hall .
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was first aired on 3 October 1983 and broadcast by STV .
Baymax ' s first film appearance was in Big Hero 6 . He was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle .

The comic book character Blockbuster ' s alter ego is Roland Desmond and he was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle .
Bolt , a comic character AKA Larry Bolatinsky was created by Dan Mishkin .
The comic character Bolt , aka Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin .

The Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2702 . 0 .

Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown , New York .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport runway name is 14L / 32R .
14R / 32L is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid - Barajas Airport .
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero .
Agra airport is located in Agra .
Al Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney .
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway named 18R / 36L .
The runway length of Alpena County Regional airport is 1533 . 0 .
1 / 19 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport .
Amsterdam airport , Schipol serves the city of Amsterdam .
Andrews , Texas is the country seat of Andrews County , Texas .
Andrews County Airport serves Andrews , Texas .
11 / 29 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport .
Helipad is the runway name of Andrews County Airport .
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda .
Ardmore Airport is located in Auckland , New Zealand .
Giorgos Kaminis is the mayor of Athens .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata .
German is the language of Belgium .
The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium .
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark .
Lars Løkke Rasmussen leads Denmark .
The Flemish Government leads the Flemish Region .
The language spoken in Greece is Greek .

Harrietstown , N . Y . is part of the U . S .
Pakistan has a leader called Anwar Zaheer Jamali .

The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
San Sebastian de los Reyes is located in Spain .
Saranac Lake , New York , is part of the United States .
Stephen Dilts is the chief of the South Jersey Transportation Authority .
One of the ingredients of Ajoblanco is bread and it originates from Spain .
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco , from Andalusia .
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region and tomato is one of the ingredients .
Bandeja paisa is a dish found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia .
Banana leaf is an ingredient in arem arem , which comes from Indonesia .
Olive Oil is used to create Italian Arrabbiata sauce .
Rome is the capital of Italy which is where Arrabbiata sauce comes from .
Tomatoes are an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce from Italy .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , it includes squid .
An ingredient of arros negre is cuttlefish , the dish comes from the Valencian community region .
Ayam penyet ( Javanese ) includes squeezed / smashed fried chicken and is served with sambal .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States that contains sausage .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader .
Bacon is an ingredient in a main course called Bacon Explosion .
The bacon sandwich , which one of two ingedients is bread , has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
France , United States and China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska which can have Christmas pudding as an ingredient .
Standard Chinese is spoken in China where baked Alaska is a dish .
Baked Alaska and a cookie are both desserts .
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding , which was invented in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 , are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart , made with shortcrust pastry .
Lemon , from the genus citrus , is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
The Philippines is the country of origin for the dish Batchoy , of which shrimp is one of the main ingredients .
Chinese Filipino are from the Philippines , where batchoy is eaten .
Standard chinese speaking Singapore is the origin of beef kway teow .
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore , from where Beef kway teow originates .
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
Gram flour is an ingredient of a Bhajji , which is a similar dish to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour .
Banana is a main ingredient of Binignit and sweet potato is also an ingredient .
Binignit has the ingredients sweet potato and sago .
Sweet potato belongs to flowering plants and is an ingredient of Binignit .
Sweet potatoes are members of the Solanales order of plants . They are the main ingredient of binignit .
Bionico is a dessert , requiring granola as one of its ingredients .
Honey can be used as a variaton in Bionico which is a dessert .
Bionico and ice cream are types of dessert .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay and Batagor is a variation of this dish .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is part of Taylor County , Texas , in the United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York and the residents of Lake Placid and has a runway that ' s 1 , 219 long .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is in Madrid ; its runway name is 14L / 32R and its runway length is 4100 .
Agra Airport , located in India , is operated by the Indian Air Force , and has an ICAO identifier is VIAG .
The USAF operated the Al Asad Airbase , located in iraq , with a length of 3078 . 48 .

The USAF operates Al Asad Airbase . They fought in the Invasion of Grenada and The Operation Enduring Freedom .
The US Air Force , veteran of the Korean war and Operation Enduring Freedom , operated Al Asad Airbase , .

Aplena County Regional Airport ; is elevated 210 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 1 , 533 metres and is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan .

Andrews County Airport is in Texas , United States . Houston is the largest city in Texas .
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and is 4000 in length .
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and the runway is known as " South Runway " .
Antwerp International Airport which is 12 meters above sea level is owned by Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government .
Antwerp International Airport ; serves the city of Antwerp , is in the Flemish region and is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works .
Appletone International Airport served the city of Appleton , which is part of a little chute in Kimberly , Wisconsin .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , USA , which is part of Clayton , Winnebago county .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is part of the Poales order and is in the division of flowering plants .
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway length of 3800 . 0 and is 211 metres above sea level .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where Alexis Tsipras is the leader .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
Antwerp , Belgium , is led by Philippe of Belgium and served by Antwerp International Airport .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids and the class of Monocotyledon .
Ajo blanco is an alternative name to Ajoblanco .
Bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco .
Arem - arem is nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java .

the main ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce are Tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient of the dish Arròs negre .


The genus of Avocado is Persea .
Ayam penyet is a dish that should be served hot .

Frangipane is an ingredient in a Bakewell tart .
Noodle is an ingredient in Bakso .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish Bakso .
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International .
Chocolate is one variation of the Barny Cakes dish .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from .
Batchoy includes chicken .
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy .

Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales .

A type of dessert is an ice cream .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia .
Italians is the name given to people from Italy .
The Baduy is an ethnic group in Java .
the order of lemons is Rosids .
Mexicans are people from Mexico .
Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico .
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines .
Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has a ISBN number of 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s predecessor , 1634 : The Baltic War , was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank California .
During 1634 , Eric Flint wrote the RAM Rebellion which is 512 pages long and is of the media type E book .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 , was written by Eric Flint and is available in hardcover .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . It has 512 pages and is available as an E - Book .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the abbreviation of ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . it has the ISSN number 1046 - 8188 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the abbreviation " ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . " and the ISSN number 1558 - 2868 .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincot Williams & amp ; Wilkins and comes from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader .
A T Charlie Johnson resides in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances which is published by the American Institute of Physics .
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances which is abbreviated to AIP Adv and has a CODEN code of AAIDBI .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number of 76798317 . and the ISBN number of 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
Followed by The Secret Scripture , the book A Long Long Way is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published in the United States by Soho Press . One of the ethnic groups in the US are African Americans .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Barack Obama is the president .
A severed wasp can be found in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification is PS3523 . E55 S4 1982 .
" A Severed Wasp " is in print , has 388 pages and has an ISBN number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is published in Hardcover . The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is 318875313 .
The hardcover book . A wizard of Mars , was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Above the Veil , from Australia , is the sequel to Aenir , which followed the novel Castle .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . ) has the LCCN number 83646315 and ISSN number 1588 - 2632 .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 . It is also known as Acta Math . Hungar and it covers the academic discipline of Mathematics .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) has the ISSN number 1732 - 2421 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
Addiction journal ( abbreviated to Addiction ) is about addiction . It has the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and produced in print . It has an OCLC number of 45644811 .
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir . It can be found by ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Am . J . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics with the ISSN number of 1080 - 6377 in the discipline of Math .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the abbreviation Am . J . Math . . The ISSN number for the journal is 1080 - 6377 .
Administrative Science Quarterly ( Admin . Sci . Q , ) is published by SAGE Publications who ' s founder is Sara Miller McCune .
The AIDS journal was published by Lippincott , Williams & amp ; Wilkins in the UK . David Cameron is the leader .
Barack Obama is both president of the US and African American , which is an ethnic group of the United States . A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the US .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where English is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It has 100 academic staff and its dean is Mario Botta .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Switzerland and has 600 attending students . It ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has an academic staff size of 100 people . Its dean is Mario Botta .
Acharya Institute of Technology , an affiliation of Belgaum ' s Visvesvaraya Technological University was recognized as the Technical Campus by the All India Council for Technical Education of Mumbai .
Acharya Institue of Technology campus which has 700 postgraduate students is located in India at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukuma and the school is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis . The country is home to different ethnic groups , one of which are the Germans of Romania . The capital city is Bucharest and the country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 . It is affiliated with the European University Association and has 737 academic staff .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Denmark ( established 1928 ) has an academic staff of 737 and a student roll of 16000 .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .

William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission .
NASA operated the Apollo 14 .
Apollo 8 is operated by Nasa .
Buzz Aldrin was a United States national .
Elliot See served as a test pilot .

Hook ' em is the mascot for the University of Texas at Austin .
1634 : The Baltic War , written by David Weber , has two sequels , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and Ring of Fire II ( written in English ) .
The author of the novel 1634 The Ram Rebellions author is Virginia DeMarce , it is 512 pages long ( also can be found as an e - book ) and has an ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom , London , by Lippincott , Williams & amp ; Wilkins .
The author of A Fortress of Grey Ice , available in print , is J . V . Jones and has an OCLC number of 51969173 and the ISBN number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Long Long Way , written in Ireland and published by Viking Press , was preceded by Annie Dunne , and followed by The Secret Scripture .
The Book A Severed Wasp ( ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 ) is available in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 . It has the Library of Congress Classification PS3523 . E55 S4 1982 .
A Severed Wasp was written in English ( the language originated in Great Britian ) in the United States . The US has many ethnic groups , including African American .
A Severed Wasp , published in hardback , has 388 pages . Its OCLC number is 8805735 , and ISBN number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Wizard of Mars , OCLC number 318875313 , ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 , was written by Diane Duane and published in hardback .
Addiction is the abbreviated version of the Addiction journal and is about Addiction . The LCCN number is 93645978 and the ISSN number is 1360 - 0443 .
Cornell University is located in Ithaca , New York state . It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is an English book written in the USA where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capitol city is Washington .
The American Journal of Mathematics studies mathematics and is abbreviated to Am . J . Math . It is published bimonthly and has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
The American Journal of Mathematics , abbreivated to Am . J . Math , studies mathematics . It was first published in 1878 and has an ISSN number of 1080 - 6377 .
English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press which are based in the United States .
English is the language of Great Britain and the United States . The country is the origin of A Severed Wasp and includes many Asian Americans .
The Book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originated in the U . S . where Native Americans make up many of the countries ethnic groups . English is the national language of both Great Britain and the United States .
AIDS Journal , published by Lippincott Williams and Wilkins , is from the United Kingdom . The leader of the UK was David Cameron and Elizabeth II is the Queen .
English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans .
In Great Britain English is the language spoken . The same is true for the United States where there are many Asian Americans . It is also where A Fortress of Grey Ice is from .
The President of the United States is Barack Obama who is African American , which makes up one of the many ethnic groups in the United States . The national language spoken in the U . S . is English . The book A Severed Wasp originated in the U . S .
United States national Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 mission under commander David S cott .
Alan Shepard was born 1923 - 11 - 18 in New Hampshire . He obtained a MA in 1957 from " NWC " he retired 1974 - 08 - 01 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and became a test pilot . He died in California .
Alan Shepard , originally from New Hampshire joined NASA as a test pilot and also became a member of Apollo 14 .
Alan Bean was a crew member on the NASA Apollo 12 mission along with backup pilot Alfred Worden and commander David Scott .


Ellior See attended the University of Texas at Austin . He was a pilot and died in St . Louis , 28th February 1966 .
Elliot See died in St Louis which is part of the kingdom of France , his alma mater was the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system .
Ellior See was born 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St . Louis on 28th February 1966 .
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 under Commander Frank Borrman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin . He retired 1969 . 09 . 01 .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport in the U . S . Its runway is 1121 long .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain . The airport is operated by ENAIRE .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . ENAIRE operates this Airport . 18R / 36L is the runway name and its length is 3500 .
Agra Airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and located in Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh where Agra airport is located and is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States air force who were involved in the 1986 bombing of Libya , and deploy the aircraft fighter General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon and have the Lockheed AC130 on their aircraft carriers .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and has the Lockhead AC - 130 and General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon as aircraft . One of their battles was Operation Enduring Freedom . .
Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force who operate Al Asad Airbase . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle as a fighter aircraft .
The United States Air Force , which is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon .
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab . The airport is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered in Jinnah International Airport .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . It is located 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Serving the city of Amsterdam , Amsterdam airport Schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 2014 . 0 and it has the runway name , 06 / 24 Kaagbaan .
Andrews County airport is in Texas where the capital city is Austin , the local people are known as Tejano and the spoken language is English .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas within the United States , the people of Texas are referred to as Texans and the local language is English .
Texans are the people from Texas in the United States where Spanish is spoken and Andrews County airport is located .
Andrews County airport in the US is located in Texas where the capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston .
Angola International airport , situated 159 metres above sea level , is located at Ícolo e Bengo , part of Luanda Province in Angola .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp . The Flemish region is in the country of Belgium and is under the jurisdiction of the Flemish government .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the nearby city of Appleton . The airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway which is 2439 metres long .
Appletone International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsin . Both Menasha and Dale are parts of Greenville .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is a member of the order of Poales , the class is Monocotyledon , and belongs to the order of Commelinids .
Ardmore airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 597 . 0 . The 3rd runway is made of poaceae and one of the runways is called 03R / 21L .
Egg Harbor Township , is a township in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . With a runway length of 1873 metres , Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE from the city of Madrid , Spain .
Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States . It is where Atlantic City International Airport ( with a runway length of 3048 . 0 ) is located .
The surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is Poaceae . Poaceae is a flowering plant of the order of Commelinids and the class of Monocotyledon .
Pietro Canonica designed the Atatürk Monument in Izmir .
The material of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is bronze .
The name of the leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is in Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is created in red granite and white marble .
A . C . Chievo Verona played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A and has 39371 members . Their full name is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " and their home ground is in Verona , Italy .
Italian born Rolando Maran plays at the Carrarese Calcio and is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S . S . D . club . He is currently the manager of AC Chievo Verona .
Italian born Michele Marcolini , previously at FC Bari 1908 and manager of AC Lumezzane , is the owner of Torino F . C .
Greece is the location of the A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club . The language of the country is Greek and two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis .
The full name of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . The club has 5300 members and has a ground in Italy . It competed in the 2014 season .
Associazione Sportive Gubbio 1910 Srl ( abbreviated to AS Gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members , played in the 2014 season and its ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti .
19238 members strong Livorno Calcio S . p . A . , AKA A . S . Livorno Calcio , played season 2014 - 15 in Serie B from their home stadium Stadio Armando Picchi .
The fullname of A . S . Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . and they have 70634 members . The club have a ground in Rome and competed in Serie A in 2014 - 15 .
AZAL PFK plays at AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan and competes in their Premier League . The champions of the league are Qarabag FK .
The AZAL PFK , with 3500 members , competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League , with championship team being Qarabag FK . AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK .

Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , nicknamed Asa Gigante , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League , as they did in 2015 , which is based in Brazil . The current champions of this league are Villa Nova Futebol Clube .

The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio , USA . They play in the Premier Development League which was previously won by K - W United FC .
Italian is spoken in Italy where the capital city is Rome . The country , which is lead by Sergio Mattarella is the location of the AS Gubbio 1910 ' s ground .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome , Italian is the official language and Pietro Grasso is the leader .
The " Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . " is the full name name of A . S . Roma who have their home ground at Stadio Olimpico . The club plays in Serie A alongside Juventus FC who have been previous champions .
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr G P Prabhukumar . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 .
The official school colours for Acharya Institute of Technology are blue , white and orange and the school got its Technical Campus status from the All India Council .
Tennis , as governed by the International Tennis Federation , is a sport offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west .
The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland is Mario Botta . There are 600 students and 100 academic staff at the Accademia .
The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino which was established in 1996 and has 600 students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore , Karnataka is east of the Arabian Sea and southwest of Telangana . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is based in the city of Bangalore in India . It currently has 700 Postgraduate Students and it ' s exact location is ' In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , east of the Arabian Sea . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romania . Bucharest is the capital of Romania and Klaus Iohannis is the country ' s Prime Minister .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 . It is affiliated with the European University Association and has a staff compliment of 737 . 16000 students attend the university currently .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and is retired . He was on the crew of Apollo 12 , whose operator was NASA and David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 .
Alan Shepard was an American who went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 . He was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959 . He passed away in California .
Alan Shepard was part of NASA ' s Apollo 14 crew . He was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 , he retired August 1st , 1974 and died in California .
Alan Shepard ( who died on the 21st of July , 1998 in California ) was born in New Hampshire . He was awarded American Defense Service ribbon , as well as the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . The Distinguished Service Medal of the United States Navy is ranked higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , NJ on January 20th 1930 . His real name was Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11 .
Retired Apollo 11 crew member Buzz Aldrin was born January 20 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was selected by NASA in 1963 when he graduated from MIT with a Sc . D .
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot . In 1963 , he graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a doctorate in Science and was selected to be part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 crew . William Anders was the backup pilot on Apollo 11 .
United States national Elliot See was born in Dallas , and studied at University of Texas at Austin . On the 28th of February , 1996 he passed away in St . Louis .
Elliot See was born on 07 / 23 / 1927 in Dallas has graduated from the University of Texas which affiliated to the university of Texas System has died and deceased in St Louis .
William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 in British Hong Kong . He graduated in 1962 from AFIT with a M . S . and went on to become a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 8 before he retired in 1969 .
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor . The show was first aired on 3rd October 1983 by STV .
Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colón ( Puerto Rican ) created the comic character Bolt , the alternative name of which is Larry Bolatinsky .
Damon Wayans Jr starred in the film Big Hero 6 which also included the character of Baymax who was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Jamie Chung starred in the film Big Hero 6 in which the character of Baymax appeared . Baymax was created by the American national , Duncan Rouleau .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Maya Rudolph . The creator of this character was American born Duncan Rouleau .
Abilene , part of Texas , is served by the Abilene regional airport .
Located in Alcobendas , Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport has a runway with the length of 3500 . 0 metres .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 metres .
Agra Airport is in India , where the leader is TS Thakur .
The Al Asad Airbase which is elevated 618 feet above sea level , is located in the Al Anbar Province in Iraq .
Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force who operate Al Asad airbase .
The United States invasion of Panama was a battle involving the United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas which is part of the community of Madrid .
The 1st runway length of Alderney Airport is 877 . 0 and the surface is poaceae .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , which has its HQ at Jinnah International Airport , governs Allama Iqbal International Airport .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States .
Schiphol Group operates the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which is - 3 . 3528m a . s . l .
The fourth runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt and the airport is 973 below sea level .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas which has the capital of Austin .
The Angola International Airport , 159 m above sea level serves Luanda .


Appleton , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin and is served by Appletone International Airport .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , which is a member of the order of Poales .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is included in the class Monocotyledon .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and its runway length is 3800 .
Athens International Airport , which is located in Spata , serves the city of Athens .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3 . 800 metres .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes , part of the Community of Madrid .
Lead by Cyril Ramaphosa , South Africa is location of 11 Diagonal Street , has the capital of Cape Town and has an ethnic group of Asian South Africans .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , of which Cape Town is the capital . Two ethnic groups within South Africa are the Asian South Africans , and white South Africans .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio which is governed by the Cleveland City Council .
Construction of the 12 floor Postmodern style building , 250 Delaware Avenue , which has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres began in January 2014 .
300 North Lasalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois . The leader or Chicago is Susana Mendoza .
The Lord Mayor of Dublin ( Republic of Ireland ) is Criona Ni Dhalaigh . Based in Dublin is 3Arena which is owned by Live Nation Entretainment .
Owned by Live Nation Entertainment , 3Arena can be found in Dublin in the Republic of Ireland , a Republic run by Lord Mayor Críona Ní Dhálaigh .
There are 23 floors in the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark . The tenant is the Marriott International Hotel and the owner is Bella Center .
3XN was the architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is owned by the Bella Center and currently tenanted by Marriott International .
The Tudor and Jacobean styled Adisham Hall was built in Sri Lanka between 1927 and 1931 .
Adisham Hall can be found in Haputale , Sri Lanka , a country with the capital Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and language of the Tamil language .
Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 . It has the Tudor Revival style .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where one of the ethnic groups is the Filipinos .
The US based Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia which was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern .
Located in Virginia , United States and with the current tenants of the Mason School of Business , the Alan B . Miller Hall was completed in June 1st , 2009 .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India . Narendra Modi is the Prime Minister of India whilst Sumitra Mahajan is another leader of India .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujurat , India . T S Thakur is a leader in India .
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The currency of Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee and the leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco and designer of many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Asilomar State Beach , was also the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference .
Julia Morgan from California , designed many important buildings including the Los Angeles Herald building and the Asilomer Conference Grounds .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , New Netherland in the United States .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , Birmingham native . Birmingham has the postcode area ' B ' and is lead by Labour politician , John Clancy .
Mulatu Teshome is a leader in Ethiopia , a country where Addis Ababa is located and within which is Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium .
Paul Ryan is president of the United States and both 250 Delaware Avenue and Washington DC ( the capital ) are located there .
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia Spain and ingredients include bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
Ajoblanco is a food originates from the Andalusian region of Spain and contains water . An other alternative name of the dish is Ajo blanco .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The dish is of Javanese cuisine and has a variation known as Lemper .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . It is served as a main course and is found nationwide in Indonesia and more specifically in Java .
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy . The main ingredients of it are tomatoes , red chili pepper , garlic and olive oil .
Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spain . The main ingredients of Arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , and cubanelle peppers .
The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . It is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
Asam pedas ( aka asam padeh ) is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions of Malaysia . The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra . Malay is the ethnic group of Malaysia and the Minangkabau people are an ethnic group of Sumatra .
Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States and includes the main ingredient of sausage and bacon .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion and the leader is Paul Ryan . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and the capital is Washington , D . C .
The bacon sandwich , of which an ingredient is bacon , has a variation called the BLT and has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom , it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Brown sauce can be served with it and a variation is the BLT .
Bacon sandwich originates from the United Kingdom and its main ingredients are bread , bacon with ketchup or brown sauce . It has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
Baked Alaska contains : ice cream , sponge cake ( Christmas pudding ) and meringue . It is found in Hong Kong , New York and Paris . The origins are either France , Canada or the United States .
Baked Alaska is found in Hong Kong , New York and Paris . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are its main ingredients .
Bakewell tart , a variation of Bakewell pudding , includes the ingredient frangipane and originates from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire .
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which is a dessert that comes from the Derbyshire Dales area and has the main ingredients ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which uses shortcut pastry and comes from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire .
Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region , Columbia . The main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Batagor , ( a variation of Siomay ) , is a dish found in Indonesia and its main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
Shumai , which has shiitake as a component and is similar to Siomay , is a variation of the Indonesian dish batagor .
Beef kway teow comes from the region of Indonesia and also Singapore . The leader of Singapore , where Standard Chinese is the spoken language , is Halimah Yacob .
Beef kway teow is served in the region of Indonesia and is also found in Singapore . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow , originating in Indonesia , is a dish found in Singapore . Its main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and English is spoken . The dish is also popular in Indonesia .
Bhajji comes from the country India , where the currency is the rupee . The leader of India is either T . S . Thakur and / or Narendra Modi .
Bhajji originate from India where the Indian people are lead by T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . The country ' s leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka , India . The leader of India is called T . S . Thakur and Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka .

Bionico has the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins and can be found in Guadalajara , Mexico .
Bionico comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico . The main ingredients of the food are : chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine and is found in Indonesia where the capital city is Jakarta and Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso , a dish from the country of Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from . The capital is Rome and political leaders include Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore which is lead by Halimah Yacob . It is also found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java . Banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in Java and Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Phillippine Spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the Ilocano and Moro .
The Euro is the currency in Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI and Spaniards are an ethnic group . Spain is also the home of the traditional dish Arròs negre .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa which is home to some coloured people .
200 Public square , Cleveland , has a floor count of 45 .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , which is led via the European Parliament .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States - which is lead by Barack Obama .
300 North LaSalle in Illinois has 60 floors .
3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin , and was built by HOK SVE .
3 Arena is located at East Link Bridge and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Live Nation Entertainment from Beverly Hills , California , are the owners of 3Arena .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is the Marriott International Hotel .
The " Government of Addis Ababa " are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall which is 42 metres high .
Adisham Hall , Haputale , Sri Lanka , is Tudor and Jacabian in style .
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka where they speak Tamil .
Alan B . Miller Hall ' s building start date was in 30th March 2007 and is located at 101 Ukrop Way .
Alan B . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia is owned by The College of William and Mary .
Robert A M Stern designed Alan B Miller Hall and the Mason School of Business is a tenant there .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka .
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
The National Register of Historic Places has the Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , located at U . S . Route 83 , referenced at 88002539 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and it ' s reference number is 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
Asser Levy Baths which was built in 1904 is located at 23rd Street in Manhattan .
Amdavad Gufa is located in Gujarat and it ' s leader is Anandiben Patel .
President B M Reddy is head of the Acharya Institute of Technology located at " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . " The Institute was established in the state of Karnataka in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India , 560090 . It was established in 2000 and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 . The president is B . M . Reddy and the director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . The institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . " .
In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in India . The President of the Institute which was established in the year 2000 is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate students . The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
India is known for the river Ganges and the largest city being Mumbai is also home to the state of Kerala which is positioned with Mahe to it ' s northwest . Kerala is also where AWH Engineering College is located within the city of Kuttikkattoor . The college currently has 250 members of staff .
The national anthem of Romania is " Desteapta - te , romane ! " and the capital city is Bucharest . The country is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the city of Alba Iulia . One of the ethnic groups of the country is the Germans of Romania .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnatka , 560090 . It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Apollo 12 was operated by NASA and its crew members included American national Alan Bean . He was born in Wheeler , Texas and served as a test pilot .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on the 18th of November , 1923 . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M . A . On the 21st of July , 1998 , he passed away in California .
Alan Shepard has died in California . He was born in New Hampshire and went to school at NWC , graduating with an MA in 1957 , He served as a test pilot .
The late Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 14 .
Alfred Worden was a backup pilot on the NASA operated Apollo 12 on which David Scott the commander and Alan Bean , who spent a total of 100305 minutes in space , was a crewman .
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal , by the US Navy . He died in California .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . Gregory L . Fenves is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Austin .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin . He died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas and attended the University of Texas ( affiliated to the University of Texas system ) which competed in the Big 12 conference .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and studied at Austin University ( part of the university of Texas system ) . He died in St . Louis .
William Anders , who retired on September 1st , 1969 , was a crew member on Apollo 8 and served under commander Frank Borman . Apollo 8 was operated by NASA with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot .
AC Cesena ' s ground is in Cesena and they have 23900 members . The club plays in Serie B .
Massimo Drago manages A . C . Cesena and played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio . He is also in club Calcio Catania .
I am interested in the 2014 A . C . Lumezzane season . It plays in Lega Pro / A . and has 4150 members .
A . D . Isidro Metapan , ( full name , Isidro Metapan ) , has 10000 members and play their home games at the Estadio Jorge Caler0 Suarez stadium .
There are two prominent leaders in Greece : Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos as well the A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located there .
Footballer Stuart Parker , the manager of AFC Blackpool , was at Drogheda United FC and plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager . He plays for Drogheda United F . C . and Stockport County F . C .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager . He has represented the club KV Mechelen and is a member of the Irlam Town F . C .
Association Football Club Fylde , abbreviated to A . F . C Fylde , has 3180 members and its ground is Warton Fylde .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci . is was attached to the Real Madrid CF club . He is currently attached to the club Genoa CFC .
A . S . Roma have 70634 members , play their home games in Rome and their full title is Associazione Roma S . p . A .
AEK Athens F . C . , with 69618 members , play in the Superleague Greece . Their ground is in Athens .
AFC Ajax ( Amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season , they play in the Hoofdklasse league and the main team have 5000 members .
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK and competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League , which champions are Qarabag FK .
" Alkmaar Zaanstreek " is the full name of AZ Alkmaar who played in the 2014 season and has 17023 members .
John van den Brom , the manager of AZ Alkmaar , is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for De Graafschap .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league . The Serie C champions have been Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in brazil . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C .
Akron Summit Assault who play in the Premier Development League , won by K - W United FC , have their home ground at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School .
3000 member club Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League alongside former champions K - W United FC .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy which is lead by Sergio Mattarella and inhabited by Italians .
Home ground of AEK Athens FC , the Olympic Stadium is located in Athens , who ' s mayor is Giorgos Kaminis .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County in 2000 is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County is located south of Cumberland County in the same state , and Carrol County , Maryland is situated to the southeast .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , in the country of Turkey , whose leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The monument is made of bronze , was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 . Turkey ' s capital city is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lira .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where the leader ' s title is Prime Minister and the legislature is the National Assembly . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku .
A . C . Cesana play in Serie B , in which Carpi FC 1909 are the champions .
The home ground of A . C . Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi and the club is in the league , Serie A .
A . C . Lumezzane play in italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez manages A . D . Isidro Metapan . He is in the C . D . FAS .
With 1500 members , A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis , play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who was a football player for Runcorn FC Halton .
Stuart Parker , who plays at the Sparta Rotterdam Club , has also managed AFC Blackpool .
AFC Fylde has the home ground called The Fylde , which holds 3180 fans .
AFC Fylde has 3180 members and are based at Bryning Lane .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for the Italy national football team .
A . S . Roma play in the Serie A league and their ground is in Rome , Italy .
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A based in Italy .
AFC Ajax ' s manager is Frank de Boer , who played for the Ajax Youth Academy .
AFC Ajax has 53502 members and is owned by AFC Ajax NV .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) can be found in Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) have 5000 members and played in the Topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvulan and is the ground of AZAL PFK .
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 member and their full name is " Alkmaar Zaanstreek " .
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Brazil and is the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " and they have 17000 members .
The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio which is in the U . S .
Massimo Drago manages A . C . Cesena and plays for S . S . Chieti Calcio .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is followed by 1635 : The Cannon Law .
The EISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was made in hardcover .
The ISBN number to A Long Long Way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .

Madeleine L ' Engle is the author of A Severed Wasp .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English .
The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has an LCCN number of 32024459 .

Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Math . Hungar . " .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica discipline is Math .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica CODEN code is " APGPAC " .
The OCLC number for Addiction journal is 27367194 .
Wiley - Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction ( journal ) .
Administrative Science Quarterly ' s LLCN number is 57059226 .
OCLC number 45644811 is for Aenir .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number of 7877110 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact Factor of 1 . 337 .
Aenir followed the novel Castle .
Cornell Big Red is the nickname of Cornell University .
HIV is genus Lentivirus .
Wolf Solent is one of John Cowper Powys notable works .
The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II .
Joe Biden is a leader in the U . S .
John Cowper Powys is the author of " Wolf Solent " .
1634 : the Bavarian Crisis , authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion available as an E - Book is written by Eric Flint .
The book titled 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is a hardcover book by Eric Flint .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) has the CODEN code " ATISET " .
The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II .
J . V . Jones authored A Fortress of Grey Ice , which has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Glastonbury Romance with ISBN 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 is available in print .
" A Glastonbury Romance " can be found in hardcover with the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
A Glastonbury Romance , currently in print , has 1174 pages .
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 and the The ISBN number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , which includes among its ethnic groups Asian Americans .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press , based in the United States .
Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars which has the OCLC number of 318875313 .
A Wizard of Mars was published in hardback and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Above the Veil , preceded by Aenir , is from the country of Australia .
The book Aenir was followed up by Above the Veil , which is written in English .
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir , which was preceded by the novel Castle .
Springer Science and Business Media , founded by Julius Springer , publishes Acta Mathematica Hungarica .
Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated Admin . Sci . Q , has a Coden code of " ASCQAG " .
Cornell University , affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , is publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
The hardcover edition of , " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians " , has ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and is 320 pages long .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV , a disease part of the Orthoretrovirinae family .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , which has English as one of its languages .
Ireland , where the white people are an ethnic group , is situated within Europe . The book A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Faber and Faber . The sequel to the book is known as The Secret Scripture .
An ethnic group of Ireland is white people where A Long Long Way comes from . It was preceded by Annie Dunne preceded and followed by The Secret Scripture which is published by Faber and Faber .
Above the Viel is an Austrlian novel and the sequel to Aenir and Castle . It was followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone .
Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and their nickname is Cornell Big Red . They are the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of American Universities .
Cornell Big Red is the nickname of Cornell University which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . The University is in the city of Ithaca , New York , New York State and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States and is written in English which is also spoken in Great Britain . The leader of the US is Barack Obama and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
A Severed Wasp originates in the United States where like in Great Britain , English is also spoken . Washington DC is the capital of the US and one ethnic group is the African Americans .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a book from The United States . In that country the majority language is English ( as in Great Britain ) . A leading politician of the US is Joe Biden and African Americans are an ethnic group there .
The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom , where English is spoken . The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II , and another leader is David Cameron . English is spoken in the United Kingdom , where the capital is London .
The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II and David Cameron are leaders . The journal was published by Lippincott Williams & amp ; Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer .
A Severed Wasp is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain . However , it originates from the United States where the President is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) , and Barack Obama is President . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U . S .
Alan Bean is an American , who was born in Wheeler , Texas on 15th March 1832 . He was a test pilot and crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 flight mission . He is now retired .

Alan Shepard was born on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire . He was an American , who graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M . A . He was chosen by NASA in 1959 and he was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18 , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and was a test pilot . He deceased and died in California .
The test pilot Alan Bean was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18th 1923 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal , in the United States Navy . He died in California .
Buzz Aldrin , whose real name was Edwin E Aldrin Jr , has now retired . He is an American born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . After graduating from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in science he became a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 11 .

Buzz Aldrin , now retired , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc . D . and in 1963 he was picked by NASA to be part of the Apollo 11 crew .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He was a fighter pilot and began working for NASA in 1963 . Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11 , which was run by NASA and William Anders was the backup pilot .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23rd , 1927 . He attended UT at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas system . He was a test pilot , who died in St . Louis .
Test pilot Elliot See , born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 , graduated from the University of Texas in Austin . He died in St . Louis on February 28 , 1966 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong in October 17th 1933 . William graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 and became a Fighter pilot . William retired in September 1st in 1969 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north , Cumberland County , both of these are in Pennsylvania . Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County .
Prime Minister of Azerbaijan ( capital Baku ) is the official title of the leader whose name is Artur Rasizade . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and the legislature of the country is the National Assembly .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial ( native name : " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " ) in Azerbaijan has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and it was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where it is known as " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " . The memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers who were killed in the Battle of Baku . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , and constructed out of red granite and white marble .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is built using Red granite and white marble . Azerbaijan ' s leader is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland County , Pennsylvania to its north and Carrol County , Maryland to its southeast .
Pennsylvania ' s Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County while Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania . The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Adams County , Pennsylvania and falls under the category of Contributing property .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan ' s capital Baku . The Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
The National Assembly is the legislative branch of government in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade . The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in the capital , Baku .
Artur Rasizade was an Azerbaijan leader . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and located in Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , and is located in Azerbaijan , which is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade .
Alan Bean was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 crew commanded by David Scott .
Alan Shephard died on the 21st of July , 1998 in California ( whose Senator was Dianne Feinstein ) .
Buzz Aldrin , whose real name was Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . , graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science and later became a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Born in Glen Ridge New Jersey , Apollo 11 crewman Buzz Aldrin spent 52 minutes in space .
Alan Shephard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by United States Navy and died in California ( where a Smilodon fossil was found ) .
Elliot See , ex NASA worker since 1962 , died in St Louis on the 28th of February 1966 .
Elliot See is deceased , was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas .
William Anders who was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong later served as a crew member of Apollo 8 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County Pennsylvania , between Franklin County to the west and Frederick County to the southwest .

The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade .

Alan Shepard , who served as a crew member of Apollo 14 , retired 1974 - 08 - 01 .
American Buzz Aldrin hails from Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
Buzz Aldrin is now retired but he was once a fighter pilot .
NASA operated the Apollo 11 program of which Buzz Aldrin was a member .
Buzz Aldrin , who was a fighter pilot , was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
The academic staff number 100 at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio .
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Alba Iulia is in the country of Romania .
Alba lulia is part of Alba County .
Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has academic staff size of 737 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is situated in Denmark .
Ajoblanco , also known as Ajo blanco is a dish from the Andalusian region of Spain and includes the main ingredients of bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from Lazio , Italy . It includes cheese along with tomatoes , guanciale and olive oil .

Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome , Italian is the language spoken and Sergio Mattarella is a leader .
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community of Spain , home to the Spaniards , led by Felipe VI and Ximo Puig .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia , whose capital is Kuala Lumpur , where Malaysian Indians and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region , Malaysia , where ethnic groups include Malaysian Indian and Chinese . Arifin Zakaria is the country ' s leader .
Ayam penyet is a hot food dish found in Java , Malaysia and Singapore and consists of fried chicken and sambal sauce .
Ayam penyet is a dish comprising " squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal . It can be found in Indonesia and in Malaysia , where there is an ethnic group called Malaysian Chinese .
Barack Obama is leader of United States , the home of the dish Bacon Explosion . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country , where Washington DC is the capital and English is the language spoken .
Baked Alaska comes from France where the spoken language is French , and the country ' s leader is Gerard Larcher . This dessert is also served in Hong Kong .
The shortcrust pastry - based dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) hails from the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader .
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region , Colombia . Lemon is one of its ingredients and is a member of the family Rutaceae and is from the genus citrus .

Barny cakes , made with sponge cake , are found in France , where French is spoken and whose leaders are Claude Bartolone and Gerard Larcher .
Barny cakes is created by Mondelez International , which was founded in Chicago . It comes from France , which leader is Gérard Larcher and the language is French .

Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , originates from India in the Karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji is from the Karantake region of India . India is led by Vajubhai Vala and home to the Indian people .
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico . The name of the leader in Jalisco is Jesus Casillas Romero . Another dessert is a cake .
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara , Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto . Another dessert is a cake .
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire Dales ( in the county of Derbyshire ) where the Bakewell tart is a popular dish . This dish contains frangipane and has a variant called Bakewell pudding .
The Derbyshire Dales , whose leader is Patrick McLoughlin , is part of Derbyshire and is where Bakewell tarts come from . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and one of the ingredients is frangipane .
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , which leader is Jusuf Kalla , the capital is Jakarta and the language is Indonesian .
Rome is the capital of Italy where the leaders are Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella . Amatriciana sauce can be found there and people are called Italians .
The Baduy is an ethnic group in Java where Ayam penyet is from . This dish is also from Singapore where English is spoken and Halimah Yacob is the leader .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , languages spoken there include English ( official language ) and also Arabic . Ethnic groups there include the Ilocano and Igorot peoples .
Just like in Indonesia , Beef kway teow is popular nationwide is Singapore ( where it comes from ) . In this country , English is spoken and two of the leaders are Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan .
Ajoblanco is a food found in Spanish speaking and Felipe VI led Spain . It is also home to the Spaniards and can be purchased with the Euro .
The comic book character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo .
The character Aurakles , also known as Aurakles , was created by Len Wein .
Ballistic , ( also known as Kelvin Mao ) , is a fictional comic superhero created by Doug Moench .
Graeme Garden starred in the TV series Bananman , which was shown on the BBC .
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie who was born in Lancashire .
The creator of Bibbo Bibbowski is Jerry Ordway , an American .
The Black Pirate ( Jon Valor ) , was created by Sheldon Moldoff .
Blockbuster is a comic book character which was created by both Roger Stern and Tom Lyle .
Both Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn were the creator ' s of the comic character Bolt .
Peter Stöger is manager of 1 . FC Köln .

Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season .
A . D . Isidro Metapán ' s full name is Asociación Deportiva .
" A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis " is the full name of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis .
A . E Dimitia Efxeinoupolis were in the 2014 season .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis were in the 2014 - 15 A EPSTH , Greece .

AFC Fylde has the home ground called The Fylde .

The AS Livorno Calcio has 19238 members .

AFC Ajax ' s manager is Frank de Boer .
The AFC Ajax team ' s nickname is Joden , Godenzonen .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members .
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .


Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 .
St Vincent - St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members .


Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F . C .

John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is with the A . D . Isidro Metapán club .

Massimo Drago ' s club is the S . S . Chieti Calcio .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is located in Marousi .
K - W United FC were champions at the Premier Development League .
The footballer Stuart Parker plays for the Bury FC .
The BBC began airing Bananaman October 3rd , 1983 and the last episode was broadcast on April 15th , 1986 . John Geering is one of the creators of Bananaman which also starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
American Duncan Rouleau and Steve T . Seagle created Baymax . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit .
South Africa is the location of 11 Diagonal Street . The capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , populated by Coloured people and led by Jacob Zuma .
The white South Africans are an ethnic group of the country where Jacob Zuma is leader and where 11 Diagonal Street is located .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States , where one of the leaders is Frank G Jackson .
250 Delaware avenue is in Buffalo , Erie County , New York .
Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago , US where 300 North LaSalle is located .
The architects of the 3Arena in Dublin was HOK SVE and it was completed in December 2008 .
The company Populous were the architects who designed the 3Arena in Dublin which was completed in December 2008 .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment , and is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark , Marriott International Hotel because 3XN was the architect .
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and owed by J P McManus .
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenants of the Addis Ababa city hall . which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . It is 42 m high .
Aidsham Hall , completed in 1931 and located in Sri Lanka , is in the Tudor Revival architecture style .
The Akita Museum of Art , inaugurated September 28 , 2013 has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746 . 66 square metres .

The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall in Virginia which began construction on 30 March , 2007 .
Alan B . Miller Hall , located in Virginia , is owned by The College of William and Mary ; whose chancellor is Robert Gates .
Alan B Miller Hall is in Virginia , U . S . and houses The Mason School of Business .
Alan B . Miller Hall ' s building , started on 30th March 2007 , is located in Williamsburg , Virginia , and owned by the College of William and Mary .
Ampara Hospital , which has 476 beds , is located in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka .
Sri Lanka , led by Ranil Wickremesinghe , is home to Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province state .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Robinson House on U . S . Route 83 was constructed in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22 November 1988 .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds of Pacific Grove in California was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27th of February in 1987 , where the reference number for the National register was 87000823 .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan , New York City , United States .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders .
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on the 27th July , 1932 . It is made of bronze and it was designed by Pietro Canonica . Turkey ' s leader is called Ahmet Davutoglu and its capital is Ankara .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and the country ' s leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade . The Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and its designers are Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The native name for the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11 , 1907 , in the Monocacy National Battlefield , in Frederick County , Maryland . The monument is categorized as a United States historic district and is under the responsibility of the National Park Service . The closest city to the battlefield is Frederick , Maryland .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland , United States . It belongs to the category of historic US districts and is owned by the National Park service .
Ajoblanco , also known as " Ajo blanco " , comes from Spain . Bread is one of the ingredients .
Water is an ingredient in Ajoblanco , which is a food found in Andalusia , in Spain .
Arem arem originates from Indonesia where two of the leaders are Joko Widodo and Jusef Kalla .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia , the country which serves Arem - arem . While Arem - arem is nationwide in Indonesia , it is more specific to Java .
Sergio Mattarella is a leader of Italy where the Italian language is spoken and Arrabbiata sauce can be found .
Arrabbiata sauce from Rome in Italy contains chili pepper .
Arrabbiata sauce contains garlic and comes from the Rome region of italy .
Squid is an ingredient of arros negre which is from the region of Catalonia in Spain .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient of the dish Arròs negre , which is a dish that comes from the Valencian community in Spain .
Asam pedas is made from fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions in Malaysia .
Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . It is a popular dish in Malaysia and also found in Java .
Bacon Explosion , whose name comes from the United States , has bacon and sausage .
Bacon Explosion originated in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and the capital city is Washington DC .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and John Roberts is a leader .
The UK dish , the bacon sandwich uses condiments as an ingredient and has the variation BLT .
Meringue is an ingredient of a Baked Alaska , which is reputed to come from both France and New York .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska , which comes from the region of New York and can be found in the U . S .
A cookie can be a dessert , as can baked alaska which has christmas pudding as an ingredient .
Sandesh and Baked Alaska are desserts . Baked Alaska uses Christmas pudding as an ingredient .
Bandeja paisa , which contains kidney beans , is a traditional dish found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia .
Barny cakes are found in France where Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders .
Barny cakes can be made with apple and contain 1 . 8g protein and 18g of carbs .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore , where the Singapore dollar is the currency and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Beef kway teow contains oyster sauce and is found in Indonesia and Singapore .
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where the dish Beef kway teow originates from . It is also found in Indonesia .
The key ingredients of a Bhajji from India are gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji originates from India , where the leader is called T S Thakur and the people who live there are called Indians .
Bhajji originates from India , where two of the leaders are Narendra Modi and T . S . Thakur .
The main ingredients in Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables , this comes from the Karnataka region .
The main ingredients of Binignit are banana and sweet potatoes , and it can be found in the Philippines .
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico , that is a dessert course found in Mexico .
Raisins are found in bionico which comes from the region of Jalisco in Mexico .
Celery is from the genus apium and the family Apiaceae . It is an ingredient of Bakso .
Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients , it is served at the dessert course , like cake .
The dish bakso comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Jakarta is the capitol city .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and is also found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group .
The dish Ayam penyet originates from Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group . The dish can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
Arros Negre is a traditional dish from Spain where they speak Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI .
Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann is the current leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino . It was established in 1996 and has 600 students .
Established in 2000 , the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka India . The institute ' s director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and the campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 and is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President and Dr g P Prabhukumar as Director .
Tennis , which has the International Tennis Federation as its governing body , is offered as a sport at the Acharya Institute of Technology . The Institute was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education based in Mumbai and is situated in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to the west .
Governed by the International Tennis Federation , the Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis courses and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Romania is governed by a Prime Minister who is Klaus Iohannis . The country is also known for it ' s patron saint Andrew the Apostle , the ethnic group the Germans of Romania and the capital Bucharest . Romania is also home to the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
The city of Aarhus is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which is affiliated with the European University Association . The School , which has 737 academic staff , was established in 1928 in Denmark where the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is based in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 and is affiliated to the European University Association . There are 16000 students and an academic staff of 727 .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin .
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row .

200 Public Square was completed in 1985 .
The construction of 20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009 .
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors .
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena .
The 3Arena is located on the East Link Bridge .
The building of the Adare Manor was started in 1700 .
The Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland .


B V Doshi is the architect who designed Amdavad ni Gufa .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 .
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 .
The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham .
Chicago is part of DuPage County Illinois .


The name of the leader in India is Sumitra Mahajan .
The Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in Japan .

One of the key people in Marriott International is Bill Marriott .
English language is the main language of the Republic of Ireland .
The capital of South Africa is Cape Town .
London is the capital of the United Kingdom .
The leader of the United States is Paul Ryan .
The Ataturk Monument is in Izmir Turkey and was founded on July 27 , 1932 .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , created in red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is created in red granite and white marble .

The creator of Asterix ( comics character ) is René Goscinny .
Auron was created by Marv Wolfman .
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby .
Bananaman is broadcasted by " STV " .
Bananaman first aired on the 3rd of October , 1983 .
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie .

Bill Everett has been awarded the Eisner award .
Kate Hardie is Bill Oddie ' s child .
The comic book character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin .
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is " Hugh Hazzard " .
John Buscema received the Eagle Award for his work in comics .
Marv Wolfman won the Eagle Award for comics .
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is located . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who is part of the KV Mechelen club and a member of Chesterfield FC .
Gus Poyet is the manager of AEK Athens F . C . who play in the Superleague of Greece ( which has Olympiacos FC as previous champions ) . Poyet previously played for Chelsea FC and is in the Real Zaragoza club .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . from Brazil in which Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play . This latter team have their ground at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league ( in Brazil ) , which has been won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , which is located in Arapiraca .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil , which has been won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground can hold 17000 fans and the team is managed by Vica .
The United Kingdom uses the currency of the pound sterling and is lead by Elizabeth II along with Boris Johnson . The capital city is London and the country is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
There are 12 floors at 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York . Construction , which began in January 2014 cost 110 million dollars for a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
3Arena , owned by Live Nation Entertainment , is located in Dublin , which is part of Leinster in the Republic of Ireland . Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin .
Construction of Adisham Hall took place between 1927 and 1931 in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean . It is located at St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka .
Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the language spoken there is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan Rupee .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte with Ranil Wickremesinghe as its leader and the Rupee as its currency .
" The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is located in Japan . The leader of Japan is Taro Aso and the main ethnic group in Japan is the Japanese . Akita , Akita is part of Akita Prefecture . " .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad which is in India . The leader of India is Narendra Modi but the leader of Gujarat is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly .

Ampara Hospital , which has 476 beds , is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka lead by Austin Fernando . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Julia Morgan was an architect born in California . She designed Asilomar Conference Grounds , The Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building .
Julia Morgan , the architect , was born in California and some of her significant projects include : the Asilomar Conference Grounds , The Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and some buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco .
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California . They were constructed in 1913 with the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with reference number " 87000823 " .
The Asser Levy baths are located on 23rd Street in Manhattan and have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture . They were built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places with the reference number 80002709 on 23 April 1980 .
Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan which is part of New York City , New York , United States . New York City is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths .
The City Council is the governing body for Birmingham where Andrew Mitchell is a leader . The city has the B postcode and is the birthplace of the Architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . The country is lead by Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn , .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is known as the President of the United States , supported by the United States of America ` s Chief Justice , John Roberts . The main language is English , and one of the ethnic groups is the African Americans .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where English is spoken . The President of the United States is the main leader , alongside Joe Biden , and an ethnic group in the country is White Americans .
In the city centre there is a venue name Alimentum , this is not a family - friendly venue .
Near Burger King in city centre is the adult establishment Alimentum .
In the city centre there is a family - friendly place called Alimentum .
Alimentum , located near Burger King in the city centre , is family - friendly .
If you are searching for a place to go that ' s not family - friendly and near the riverside , Alimentum is the place for you .
Alimentum is a non - family - friendly establishment near Burger King at the riverside .
Alimentum is a family - friendly living in riverside .
Alimentum is near Burger King and is not only riverside , but children friendly as well .
There is a family - friendly restaurant named Alimentum in the city centre .
The riverside restaurant , Alimentum is very child friendly and great for adults as well .

Alimentum , located near Burger King , is not family - friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop near city centre not family orientated
Aromi offers food and is a coffee shop that is family friendly and located north of the City center .

Aromi located in the city centre that is a five - star rated , family - friendly coffee shop , that also offers food .
Family friendly coffee shop , Aromi , located along the river has been rated 5 stars .
Aromi is a average customer rated family coffee shop .
Aromi is a one - star coffee shop that is family friendly . It is located near the River .




Aromi , the coffee shop in the city center was given a customer rating of 5 out of 5 for a no family - friendly English restaurant
Aromi Chinese coffee shop in the city center , low rate , not family friendly

Aromi ' s a fairly decent coffee shop down at riverside . It has Chinese food and allows kids on the premises .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area . It sells Chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is very children friendly .
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Aromi , in the Riverside area , it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating serving Chinese food located in the Riverside area .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Aromi is a coffee shop selling Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars . It is not family friendly and is located in the city centre
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre . It is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside area . It is not family friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop , which offers Chinese food , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is located in a riverside area , and is family friendly .
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city center
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food , with an average customer rating , located in the city centre , are not family friendly .
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating .

Aromi coffee shop serves average - rated Chinese food . Aromi is in the riverside area and is not family friendly .
Aromi coffee shop have Chinese food with average customer rating in riverside and also children friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high .
Aromi is a coffee shop located riverside , which serves Chinese . They have a high customer rating and are family friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is low .
Aromi , a Chinese coffee shop , has a low rating , is not family friendly , and is located in the city centre .

Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is low .
The Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food . It has a low customer rating . It is on the riverside but is not family friendly .
Try Aromi for a low rated , family friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside area .



Aromi coffee shop in riverside has a moderate customer rating serving English food .
Aromi is a non - family - friendly English coffee - shop located near the riverside .
The name of the place is Aromi . The location is right by the riverside , next to a coffee shop . Yes , it ' s family friendly and dining will be done in English .
Yes , Aromi the coffee shop is by the riverside and serves English food , but it has a 1 out of 5 rating .
Near the riverside you can find a coffee shop called Aromi that serve English cuisine that welcomes kids but has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides English food in the riverside area . It is friendly for kids and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 Aromi is located in city centre , they have English food Aromi is a coffee shop are not family - friendly .
The Aromi coffee shop is family - friendly and serves English food . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near the center of the city .
By the riverside , there is an English coffee shop named Aromi . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family - friendly .
Aromi is a family - friendly riverside coffee shop that serves English food . It gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
In the city centre with just an average customer rating , Aromi serves food that is English , no children allowed in this coffee shop .
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers English food . It is family - friendly . Customer Ratings are average . It is located in the city center .
Aromi is an English coffee shop that also serves food . It is located in the riverside area . It has an average rating and is not family - friendly .
If you are looking for great English coffee that has an average customer rating and is kid friendly then go to Aromi , the coffee shop located in Riverside
There is a highly rated children friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area . It is called Aromi .
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food . It is located in the city centre and is not family - friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop that is family - friendly and sells English food . It has a low customer rating and is located in the city centre .

Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside . It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
For English food , try the family friendly coffee shop , Aromi . It is located at the riverside . The coffee shop has a low customer rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop serving British food . It is not family friendly .
Aromi is a moderately priced five star coffee shop that serves English food in a children friendly environment in the riverside area .

Aromi is a coffee shop providing quality drinks at a very low price . It is opened to all age groups .





Bibimbap House is near Café Sicilia . It is located on the riverside .


Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It ' s a good Café for family . It doesn ' t located on the centre of city . It ' s a good place for eating breakfast .


Browns Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a kids friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .


Browns Cambridge is a low rated , family friendly coffee shop . It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the city centre . .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee - shop style restaurant serving Chinese food . It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . It is kid - friendly and receives average ratings .







Near Crowne Plaza Hotel , in the riverside area , with a 1 out of 5 Rating , is the Browns Cambridge coffee shop with Chinese food .
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel at the riverside there is a coffee ship called Browns Cambridge which serves Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating by the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food . It has a high customer rating , is family friendly , and is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
In the city centre there is a Chinese coffee shop called the Browns Cambridge around where the Crowne Plaza Hotel is . it has very good customer ratings a straight 5 out of 5
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside . They offer Chinese entrees , and have excellent customer reviews . They accept all families .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . The customer rating is average . It is located in the riverside by Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family friendly


Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is average .
In the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop . It has an average customer rating and is named Browns Cambridge .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is average .
Browns Cambridge is a high rated coffee shop offering Chinese food and is kids friendly . It is located at riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is high .
The coffee shop Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food and is not family friendly , It has a low customer service rating . It ' s located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre .
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge , it is family friendly , but the customer Rating is low .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is low .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food , has a low customer rating and is located by the area of riverside . No it is not family friendly . Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee ship with a low customer rating . It is family friendly place locater in the riverside area the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is low .


Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre , Browns Cambridge English coffee shop . Not family - friendly

Browns Cambridge is a well liked children friendly English coffee shop located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .

Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly English coffee shop located at the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel . Customers rate it 1 out of 5 .
There is a children friendly English coffee shop by the Crowne Plaza Hotel near the riverside area called Browns Cambridge . It has a rating of 1 out of five .
Browns Cambridge is a family coffee shop in the area of riverside , they also sell English food with a rating 1 out of 5 is near to Crowne Plaza Hotel


The Browns Cambridge is a highly rated non - family - friendly coffee shop , located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , which serves English food .
family - friendly highly rated English food at Browns Cambridge coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located on the riverside . It is not family - friendly , but received a 5 out of 5 rating . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Browns Cambridge , a coffee shop , has a customer rating 5 out of 5 , English food , family friendly , in the riverside area , and near Crowne Plaza Hotel .

Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . They have an average customer rating and re not family - friendly .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the centre of the city is a coffee shop , Browns Cambridge . Serving English food , it has average customer ratings but if family - friendly .
Browns Cambridge with an average customer rating is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre .
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is Browns Cambridge , a coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating . It is not child friendly .
Browns Cambridge , located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area , is a family - friendly coffee shop offering English fare . Browns Cambridge received average customer reviews .
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop , located near Crowne Plaza Hotel , serves English food in a family - friendly environment and has an average customer rating .
There is a kid friendly highly rated English coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is called Browns Cambridge .
The Browns Cambridge is kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a high customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides English food . It is not a family - friendly establishment . It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a low customer rating .
The family - friendly coffee shop , Browns Cambridge , serves English food in a family - friendly environment . It is neat Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
In the riverside , near to Crowne Plaza Hotel is located a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that offers English food and it has low customer rating . There is no family area .
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food with a low customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food . It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel . with low ratings .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves British food . it is down the road from Crowne Plaza Hotel







Clowns serves fried food . It is a coffee shop with a low star rating in the riverside area near Clare Hall .



coffee Shop Clowns provides Chinese food and is located close to Clare Hall by the riverside
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall that has a rating 1 out of 5 . They serve Chinese food .
Clowns coffee shop Chinese Food has moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5 , located in the riverside near Clare Hall .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Clare Hall . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Clowns Chinese coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5 and is near Clare Hall in riverside .
Chinese coffee shop Clowns is near Clare Hall in the city centre and has an average customer rating .
Clowns is a coffee shop with Chinese food , having an average customer Rating , located in the riverside area near Clare Hall .

Clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall . It serves Chinese good and has a high customer rating .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Clare Hall . Its customer rating is low .
Clowns performances occur near Clare Hall at the coffee shop and also at a low rated Chinese take out near the riverside .
Clowns is a low - priced coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall that serves Chinese food .
If you are in the riverside area , near Clare Hall , it is not recommended that you stop at Clowns coffee shop to try eating like the English .
There is a coffee shop named Clowns in the centre of the city , near Clare Hall , which serves English food .
In the riverside area , near Clare Hall , there is a coffee shop called Clowns that serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Near Clare Hall is a coffee shop named Clowns which offers English food . It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Clare Hall .
Near Clare Hall at the riverside is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of five out of five called Clowns .

In the city centre there is a coffee shop serving English food called Clowns . It ' s located near Clare Hall . It has an average customer rating .
Clowns offers English food on the riverside . It is a coffee shop with average customer rating . It is near Clare Hall
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area offering English food . It has a high customer rating .
The Clowns is a English low rating English coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the city centre .
Clowns love to drink tea in a coffee shop . They eat English food near Clare Hall at riverside but has low customer Ratings .
Clowns coffee shop , near Clare Hall , serves excellent , authentic English food .



The Cocum coffee shop is high priced and rated three stars . It also serves food for the entire family .
Cocum its a coffee shop low - cost and good food restaurant for all family located in the city

coffee shop and Chinese restaurant Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the high price rant . It is not child - friendly .


Not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5 , English restaurant Cocum is moderate priced .



There is a moderately priced Thai restaurant for the family that has a 3 - star rating , called Cocum coffee shop .



Cocum is a child - friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food at higher than average ranges , It has a one out of five customer rating .




Cocum is a high rated Chinese food coffee shop . It ' s not kid friendly and the cheapest item is £ 30 .
Cocum a coffee shop serving Chinese food is low in price , it also has low customer rating and is not family friendly .

Cocum , a family - friendly coffee shop , serves Chinese food at a decent price in a good environment .
Cocum coffee shop has Chinese food and a cheap price range . It is not family friendly with a good customer rating .
Inexpensive Chinese food is served at Cocum , a coffee shop with a five star rating . Adults should not bring their children .
There is a cheap coffee shop Cocum offering Chinese food that is not family friendly . The customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
You should try Cocum , it ' s a coffee shop that ' s cheap and family friendly . They also have a 5 star rating . They serve Chinese food .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . Its customer rating is average .
Cocum is a coffee shop that also does Chinese food . It is cheap , gets an average customer rating and is not family friendly .
The Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
Cocum is a high priced family friendly Chinese coffee shop that is rated one out of 5 .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range .

Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range . Customers rate it 1 out of 5 . It is not children friendly .

With an average customer rating , Cocum coffee shop serves high prices Chinese food . It is not child friendly .
Cocum is an expensive , Child friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food and has an average rating .


Cocum is a low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a low customer rating and is not family friendly .
There is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £ 20 . It is called Cocum .

Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for moderate prices . Customers have rated this shop 1 out of 5 , as it is not kid friendly .
Kid friendly , and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , Cocum coffee shop serves moderately priced Chinese food .
Cocum , a coffee shop has a moderate price range . It sells Chinese and is not a kid - friendly place . It ' s customer rating is 3 out of 5
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop featuring Chinese food at a moderate price . Customers have rated the shop 3 out of 5 .
Chinese food at moderate prices in Cocum coffee , with a rating of 3 is not suitable for children .

Cocum is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop . While a meal does cost over £ 30 , it is a good place to bring children .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . The prices are more than £ 30 , with a high customer rating . It is not child friendly .

Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range that has a high customer rating and is kids friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . Its customer rating is high .
Cocum is a non - kid - friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings that also offers Chinese food in the price range of £ 20 - 25 .


Rated average by customers and not child friendly the Cocum coffee shop serves English food and is priced high .



Cheap coffee shop , Cocum , serves English food . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family - friendly .
You can get cheap , English food at a coffee shop called Cocum . They offer a family friendly atmosphere and a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The coffee shop Cocum serves English food , it has an average customer rating , the price range is cheap , but it is not family - friendly .
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food . It is family friendly and has a average customer rating

Cocum is an adult English coffee shop with high price range and low customer rating 1 out of 5
Cocum is an expensive English coffee shop that has low ratings . It is not kids - friendly .
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop with English food . It is children friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating .
For a quite expensive coffee shop which serves English food , you could try Cocum , however customers only rate it as average and it does not really welcome children .



The coffee shop , Cocum , serves English food and is cheap but it has a low rating and is not family - friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop with a 1 star rating . It is family friendly and offers British food in a low price range .
Cocum is a coffee shop with a moderate price range . It serves English food and is not kids friendly . The customer rating a quite low with 1 out of 5 .
There is a coffee shop called the Cocum with a moderate price range . It serves English food and it is kid friendly . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Cocum is a non child friendly , coffee shop that serves moderately priced English food . Customers rate it as average .
A kids friendly coffee shop named Cocum has English food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .

Cocum coffee shop serves English food , is adult oriented with a high customer rating , and price range of £ 20 - 25 .
Cocum is highly rated and moderately priced coffee shop . It also serves English food . It is not considered child friendly .
This English food coffee shop name Cocum with a price 20 to 25 . Also having a High customer rating and kid friendly .
Cocum is a low - priced coffee shop south of the city centre that delivers take - away .

Cocum is a five star , low priced coffee shop that serves food and is very family friendly .
Cocum is a three star coffee shop . It is family friendly and in the low price range .

There is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star . It is called Cocum .
There is a three star expensive coffee shop Cocum that is family friendly .



The coffee shop Cocum does not allow children but is cheap .



















At Cotto , you ' re provided a coffee shop and Chinese restaurant all in one . It is highly rated by customers and located in the city centre near The Portland Arms . Prices will be more than thirty dollars .




Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant offering Chinese food and a coffee shop . It ' s located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
coffee shop and Chinese restaurant Cotto is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms . It has a high customer rating and offers items for more than 30 pounds .

Cotto coffee Shop is a low - priced , 3 star restaurant that serves breakfast . It is located in city centre , east of The Portland Arms . They also offer eat - in , or take - out . Sorry , no deliveries .




Rated 5 out of 5 , the Cotto coffee shop serves cheap Chinese foods in the city center near The Portland Arms
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food near The Portland Arms in the city centre area . They received an average customer rating .
For cheap Chinese food try Cotto coffee shop by the river near The Portland Arms , it has average ratings and serves food in the cheap price range .

There is an expensive coffee shop with Chinese food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called Cotto in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Cotto is a coffee shop , that serves Chinese food , located in the city centre near The Portland Arms . They are rated average with a high price range .
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at a high price . It has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside near The Portland Arms .

Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £ 20 . It has a low rating and is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
Near The Portland Arms by the riverside is a Chinese coffee shop called Cotto that costs less than £ 20 but has a low customer rating .
a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside near The Portland Arms is called Cotto
Cotto is a coffee shop and serves Chinese food for a moderate price . It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre but it only is a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Cotto is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

Cotto is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced Chinese food . Customers rate it a 3 out of 5 . Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

Cotto is a Chinese food serving coffee shop with a high customer rating near The Portland Arms in the city centre and has a price range of more than £ 30 .
Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms , is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , Cotto . It ' s price range is more than £ 30 , and their customer ratings are high .

A coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms serving Chinese in the £ 20 - 25 price range is Cotto .

Cotto coffee shop in Riverside , near The Portland Arms . With a Customer rating high , serves Chinese food . prices £ 20 - 25
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the river side . It near The Portland Arms . Price range is £ 20 - 25 and high rating .
An moderately rated English coffee shop called Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms has pretty good prices .
Cotto , an English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms is by the river and customer rated 3 out of 5 .

Cotto serves English food in a coffee shop . It is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms with average ratings
Cotto , a coffee shop with price range of £ 20 - £ 25 near The Portland Arms in the city centre has a high customer rating and serves English food


Cotto is a low quality and low cost coffee shop that provides British food . It is located near The Portland Arms by the Riverside .

Cheap average coffee shop called Cotto offer English food in city centre near to The Portland Arms

Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre . It also offers cheap English food . Cotto is rate 5 out of 5 by customers .
Cotto is our new affordable coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the beautiful riverside area . Customers are rating this English food shop a 5 out of 5 .
There is a cheap coffee shop with average ratings and English food in city centre near The Portland Arms named Cotto .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in a cheap price range . At the riverside and near The Portland Arms , it has an average customer rating .

Boasting high prices and low ratings , Cotto is an English coffee shop located on the riverside near The Portland Arms .



Cotto is a 1 - 5 rated coffee shop that has high priced English food . It is in the area of riverside and near The Portland Arms .
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . They serve English food and are located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .

Cotto is a high priced coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in city centre . This coffee shop serves English food with an average customer rating .
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop by the riverside near The Portland Arms . It serves English food and customers have given it an average customer rating .
The coffee shop by The Portland Arms , Cotto , serves English food . It has a high price range but has only received average reviews .
For less than £ 20 , a coffee shop named Cotto offers English food . It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre . its customer rating is low .
Cotto is a cheap English , low rated coffee shop in the riverside near The Portland Arms .

Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre . It is near The Portland Arms , has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area sells English food for a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars .

Cotto , rated 3 out of 5 by customers , is an English coffee shop with moderate prices located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
The Cotto is a highly rated English coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms , and prices range more than £ 30 .



Cotto is an cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in City centre . It has a mid - ranged rating .


Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area with an average customer Rating and is in the cheap price Range .





Cotto , located near The Portland Arms is a cheap , one - star coffee shop .

Cotto ' s coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre area is a moderately priced coffee shop with a customer Rating of 1 out of 5 .
Cotto , near The Portland Arms , is a riverside coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

Cotto is a coffee shop with average prices , located near The Portland Arms .



Although not the cheapest place , the family - friendly Fitzbillies coffee shop is worth a try for good plain meals not too far from Cambridge ' s City centre . Children are welcome .





Located by the river , Fitzbillies is a medium priced coffee shop , is family - friendly and highly rated .









In the riverside area , there is a Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies . The price range is less than £ 20 and the restaurant is not family - friendly .












Fitzbillies is a family friendly style coffee shop . with a great view of the river

Fitzbillies coffee shop has the best Chinese food in the Riverside area , and has a high ranking in customer satisfaction .



A low - cost , family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies offers Chinese food . They have a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .



In the city centre is the coffee shop Fitzbillies , with Chinese food , a high customer Rating and a price Range more than £ 30 and not child Friendly .
Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies has dishes ranging between 20 and 25 pounds and a high customer rating . It is located in the city centre and is kids friendly .

Fitzbillies is a moderately rated coffee shop in the city centre that sells Chinese food for a cheap price , however it is not family friendly .

In Riverside , you ' ll find Fitzbillies . It is a passable , affordable coffee shop which interestingly serves Chinese food . Don ' t bring your family though .
Fitzbillies riverside coffee shop welcomes families . It serves low priced Chinese food .

A highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre is Fitzbillies . Selling cheap Chinese food , it has an overall customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is not suitable for family as it is described as not family friendly . This coffee shop sells Chinese food in a cheap price range . It can be found in the city centre .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food serving , cheap coffee shop in the city centre which is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food in riverside . Received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly .
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that sells Chinese food at a cheap price . The customer rating is 5 out of 5 , it is kid friendly , but located in riverside .



Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese . It has an average customer rating . It is not child friendly .
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre , offering cheap Chinese food and rated average by customers .
Fitzbillies is a Cheap coffee Shop with a hint of Chinese . It is by the riverside and has an average customer rating .
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that offers cheap Chinese food . They are rated average and not family friendly . They are located riverside .
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop by the riverside , which serve Chinese food . The customer rating is average and ideal for family and friends .

Ideal for family and friends , Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food at a low price .
Fitzbillies is a high priced Chinese coffee shop located in city centre .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is average but high price . It ' s child friendly and in the city centre .
Fitzbillies , a coffee shop specializing in Chinese food , can be found in the Riverside area . Be prepared for a high price range . The place is rated as ' average ' by customers . Please note it is not a child friendly destination .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
There is a high priced coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food , has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is not child friendly .
a coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves high priced Chinese food and is child friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 is in city centre
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food ; Price is high and only 1 out of 5 people like it , it ' s in riverside .
The Fitzbillies is a non children friendly Chinese coffee shop in the high price range . It is located in Riverside and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .


Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is average .
For a nice Chinese coffee shop near the riverside area , Fitzbillies is a fancy , expensive coffee shop with with no kids and an average customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre . It has high prices but only gets an average customer rating and is not friendly for children . But if you want Chinese food it is an option .

Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is average .
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in a child friendly setting in the riverside area . It has rather high prices and average customer ratings .


Located in the city centre area is Fitzbillies . With a price range of less than £ 20 as well as a low customer rating this Chinese coffee shop is also not family friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food . It is moderately priced , with low customer ratings and is located in the city centre It is family friendly .

Fitzbillies is a low rated Chinese coffee shop with low prices . Not family friendly and located in Riverside .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area . It sells Chinese food in a general price range of less than £ 20 . It is a family friendly coffee shop with an overall low customer rating .



Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop that is not child friendly , and is located in the city centre with a rating of 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has Chinese food . Although they have a low rating , they have moderate prices . They are in the city centre and do not allow children .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area which also offers Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is not kid friendly .
Fitzbillies is a moderate priced coffee shop in the riverside area that sells Chinese food . It is kids Friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating ,
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food . It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is located in the city centre and is moderately priced .
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that provides Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars , and is located in the city centre . It has a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
For moderately priced Chinese food with an average customer rating , try Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area . Not kid friendly .
There is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area call the Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food at a moderate price and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .



Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that costs more than 30 pounds with a high customer rating . It is located in city centre and is not child friendly .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in price range more than £ 30 . It have high rating and children friendly . It is located in the city centre .

Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area . It has a high customer rating , a price range of more than £ 30 and is not child friendly .


Fitzbillies is a average priced , kid friendly , highly rated Chinese coffee shop located in city centre .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the average price range . It is located in the city centre and receives high customer ratings , though not the best place to bring your kids .

Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with prices ranging from 20 to 25 Euros in the riverside area . It is not kid - friendly and has high customer ratings .
The highly rated , kid friendly Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food at an average price point in the riverside area .

Fitzbillies is an adult friendly English coffee shop by the riverside .

Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that have a low custom . They are located near riverside and server English Food also coffee . Their prices are at the range of 20 below .


On the riverside , Fitzbillies coffee shop serves reasonably price 3 star English food . Kids welcome .
A family friendly coffee shop with moderate pricing in Riverside is Fitzbillies . They serve English food and have a customer rating of three out of five .

Fitzbillies is a low - cost , family - friendly English coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the city centre .


In the riverside area there is a family friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies ; it has an average customer rating and serves reasonably priced English food .
There is an English coffee shop in city centre that is non child friendly with a high customer rating and a higher price range named Fitzbillies .




Fitzbillies in Riverside is a average coffee shop offering English style food in the low price range .

Fitzbillies is a family Friendly cheap price Range coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area of town .
Fitzbillies is a five star family friendly coffee shop serving cheap English food in the riverside area .
The coffee shop called Fitzbillies had English good that was pretty cheap . It is located in the city centre where the unfriendly families rated it 5 out of 5
The Fitzbillies is an adult coffee shop serving cheap English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area .
Located in the city centre , there is a cheap and family - friendly English coffee shop named Fitzbillies , which boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in riverside . They have high ratings and cheap prices . It is not a kid friendly establishment .
There is a cheap coffee shop , Fitzbillies , that offers English food and is friendly to families . It has average ratings and is located in the center of the city .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English Food in the city centre . Pricing is cheap . The customer rating is average and it is not family - friendly .
In the city centre there is a cheap family - friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves English food and has a average customer rating .




Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area , serves English food and is child friendly , with a high price range .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the high price range that serves English food . They are located in the city centre . They are not kid friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a high priced English coffee shop that is in the city centre and is children friendly . Customers rated it 1 out of 5 .

Fitzbillies is based in the riverside area and serves expensive English food . Is a coffee shop with a low customer rating and is not children friendly .
Along the riverside , there is a family friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies . They serve English breakfast food at high prices and have a one - star customer rating .

Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre . It has an average rating and not children friendly . The price range is high .

Fitzbillies is an English coffee Shop for adults in the city center . This average rated place has a high price range
Fitzbillies is a high priced , child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city center . It has an average customer rating .
There is an English coffee shop in Riverside that has an average customer rating , is kid - friendly and is expensive called Fitzbillies .

Fitzbillies in a child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre . It has a high price range and an average customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving English food in the high price range and has an average customer rating . It is not child friendly .


Fitzbillies is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre . It has a price range of less than £ 20 and also has a low customer rating .

Fitzbillies in riverside offers English food in the less than £ 20 price range . The coffee shop is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
You can eat at the coffee shop Fitzbillies near riverside . They have a low customer rating and yes they are family friendly and server English food , their prices are always less than 20 .



There is a coffee shop in the city centre named Fitzbillies . It serves moderately - priced English food . Children are not allowed .
Over by the riverside there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies . They serve English food and kids can go in . There fairly average , but moderately priced .

Fitzbillies is a moderate priced coffee shop in the city center area . The rating is 1 out of 5 for this adult English coffee shop
Fitzbillies , an English coffee shop , is moderately priced in the city centre . It is not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
The family - friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies is in the moderate price range . They serve English food , are in the city centre and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located by the riverside . The establishment is moderately priced , but not kid friendly . Rated 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that served kid friendly English food that is rated 1 out of 5 and is located on the riverside .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a moderate price range . Located in the city centre , Fitzbillies is not child friendly and boasts a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop . Serving moderately priced English food . Located in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with moderate prices and average ratings . They are located in riverside . They are no kid friendly .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop that is kids friendly . The price range is moderate . It is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .




In the city centre you will find a highly rated English coffee shop called Fitzbillies . It has prices averaging more than £ 30 and is child friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop on the riverside . It serves English food and has a high rating . No its not child friendly and food is more than £ 30 .
Fitzbillies is a highly rated kid - friendly coffee shop serving English food for £ 20 - 25 in the city center .

Fitzbillies in the city centre provides English food with a price range £ 20 - 25 . This coffee shop is rated high but not kids friendly .
Highly rated English food in a non child friendly riverside coffee shop will be found at Fitzbillies . The price range is £ 20 - 25 .
Kids friendly Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food with a high customer rating in the riverside area with a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
Fitzbillies coffee shop that is Fast food and has a price range that is less than £ 20 in the city centre its family - friendly and low customer rating
there is a low price coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in riverside that serving Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family - friendly

Fitzbillies is an affordable family friendly coffee shop located next to the river north of the City centre .

Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving average quality breakfast food . It is low priced and family friendly .


There is a three - star coffee shop named Fitzbillies with a high price range .

Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop near the River . It is not family - friendly .
In the city center . , a place to get breakfast with the family , is the one star rated coffee shop Fitzbillies , with low prices .
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre named Fitzbillies . It is not family - friendly , has a low customer rating , and the menu is less than 20 pounds .
Fitzbillies is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre , which has a price range is less than £ 20 , but yet the customer rating is low .









Welcome to the Fitzbillies . We are not children friendly . Our food is English , and we are located on the riverside . Our price range is 20 - 25 pounds .


Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Midsummer House is a 5 out of 5 rated place near The Bakers .
Midsummer House is average rated , and is near The Bakers .
Midsummer House is a high rated place and near The Bakers .
Midsummer House has a low customer rating , it ' s located near The Bakers .
Midsummer House is an average rated restaurant located near The Bakers .
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , by the riverside is a coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge . It is not suitable for families .
Taste of Cambridge is a child - friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area .



Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant that serves English food . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the city centre area . It is also a coffee shop . It is not family - friendly .

Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre . It has Chinese food and is not family friendly and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
In the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge . They serve Chinese food .
A coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge is located in the city centre . It is for adults and is close to Crowne Plaza Hotel . They offer Chinese food .
Taste of Cambridge , a coffee shop located riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , serves Chines food . It is not family friendly .
Taste of Cambridge , a kid - friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area , is a place where one can order Chinese food .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is the family - unfriendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge . They serve English food .
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre , you will find the family - friendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge , serving an English food menu .

There is a riverside coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Taste of Cambridge . It serves English food but is not family - friendly .
In the riverside area you can find a family friendly coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge . The serve English food and are located near Crown Plaza Hotel .
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel you can enjoy English food at the coffee shop Taste of Cambridge in a child friendly atmosphere .
Taste of Cambridge has a no children policy , it is a coffee shop sat next to the river that provides English breakfast not far from Crowne Plaza Hotel .



The Cambridge Blue coffee shop caters to adults only located near Burger King in the riverside area .
The Cambridge Blue in Riverside is kid friendly and even near a Burger King . It ' s a coffee shop and yes , it ' s kid friendly .
Near Burger King on the riverside is The Cambridge Blue . It ' s a kid friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King . This kid friendly establishment is along the riverside . Rated 3 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family - friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is a family - friendly coffee shop near Burger King . It is in the city centre and received a 5 out of 5 rating .

The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is not family - friendly . It is located in the riverside area near Burger King .
Near Burger King in riverside there is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue . It is children friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating .

The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the city centre close to Burger King . They are not family - friendly and received average customer ratings .
Near Burger King in the city centre is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that is family - friendly and has an average customer rating .

The Cambridge Blue is a no family - friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside with the average customer rating .
Near Burger King in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue , a children - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .

The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is kids friendly and has high ratings . It is located near Burger King on the riverside .
the coffee shop offers children eat free , with a high customer rating named The Cambridge Blue beside Burger King round the corner from the riverside .
The Cambridge Blue is a no family - friendly coffee shop with low customer rating . It is located near Burger King in the city centre .
There is a poor rated family - friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located near Burger King in the city centre .
A coffee shop in the riverside area near the Burger King is The Cambridge Blue . It has a low customer rating and isn ' t family - friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly near Burger King in the riverside area . It also has a low customer rating .





The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly average priced coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King .





The Cricketers may have a 1 out of 5 rating but it is the only Chinese food coffee shop this close to The Portland Arms that is also kid friendly

There is a kid - friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers serving Chinese food located near The Portland Arms . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a Café located near The Portland Arms . It serves Chinese food and has a lower than average rating . Children not welcome .
For Chinese food rated 5 out of 5 , try The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms . Unfortunately it is not family friendly .
The Cricketers coffee shop offers great Chinese food and is rated a 5 out of 5 . Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms and is family friendly .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Cricketers , a Chinese coffee shop , near The Portland Arms , is not family - friendly and is rated as average .
A coffee shop which offers Chinese , The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms . With its average rating , it is ideal for family and friends .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese . They have a high customer rating and are family friendly .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is high .
Near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves Chinese food . It is not family friendly and has had low customer ratings .
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food , The Cricketers . It is family friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is low .

The Cricketers coffee shop , near The Portland Arms , has English food . It is kids friendly and is rated 1 out of 5 .

The Cricketers , a child friendly coffee shop serving English food , has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is near The Portland Arms
An English coffee shop by the name of The Cricketers is not family - friendly and is near The Portland Arms . It was given a Customer Rating of 5 out of 5 .
An English coffee shop called The Cricketers is family friendly , is located near The Portland Arms and is rated 5 out of 5 .
By The Portland Arms is an English coffee shop The Cricketers , rated 5 out of 5 .
There is an average rated coffee shop The Cricketers located near The Portland Arms . It serves English food and is not family - friendly .
Close to The Portland Arms there is a coffee shop The Cricketers that provides English . It is children friendly and has an average customer rating .

The Cricketers is a child - friendly English coffee shop with a high rating near The Portland Arms .
The Cricketers is not a family - friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms . It has low customer ratings but they serve English food .
The Cricketers coffee shop , located near The Portland Arms , serves poor - quality English food . Families with children are welcome .
Near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers coffee shop . They serve English food . They are rated 1 out 5 and are not family friendly .
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that offers average English food , and is located near The Portland Arms .
The Cricketers is an English food coffee shop located near The Portland Arms .


Near Café Brazil is The Eagle which is located by a riverside . It has the customer rating of 1 out of 5and is kids - friendly .

There is a great place for the whole family . It is called The Eagle . You can find it in the riverside district close to Café Brazil .
The Eagle at the riverside near Café Brazil , which has customer rating 1 out of 5 , is children friendly .

The Eagle is rated 3 out of 5 in customer satisfaction , with a child friendly atmosphere . Located near Café Brazil in the riverside area .
The Eagle , near Café Brazil on the riverside , is very highly rated . It is not family - friendly .
The Eagle is in the city centre near to Café Brazil . Its not family - friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5
The Eagle is highly - rated , family - friendly establishment in the city centre near Café Brazil .
The Eagle near Café Brazil is located on the riverside . It is children friendly . The customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Bring your children down to The Eagle . Noted for it ' s 5 out of 5 rating . Located riverside near Café Brazil .
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil with a good family - friendly atmosphere with an average customer rating .
The Eagle is an average rated establishment located near Café Brazil , in the city centre . Children are not permitted .
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area . They are not family - friendly . They have an average customer rating .
The Eagle in the riverside area near to the Café Brazil is a place friendly for family . The customer rating is an average .

By Café Brazil and the river side is The Eagle . It is children friendly and their customer rating is average .
The Eagle is a highly rated kids friendly venue on the riverside near Café Brazil
The Eagle has a high rating , is near Café Brazil and is kid friendly .
Not family - friendly , The Eagle , located near Café Brazil in the city centre , has low ratings .
The low customer rating , family - friendly establishment named The Eagle is near the city centre and near Café Brazil .
The Eagle is located at the riverside near Café Brazil . It has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
Near Café Brazil by the river is The Eagle , a child friendly place with a low customer rating .
The Eagle near Café Brazil is a low - quality , non family friendly place .
The Eagle coffee shop is family - friendly , mid price range , and is located on the river near Burger King .

The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Brazil at riverside that earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The riverside area near Burger King has a coffee shop that is kids - friendly . It has a price range in The Eagle . I give the food a 3 out of 5 .



















The Eagle is a highly priced adult only coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is located by Burger King in the riverside area .
There is a coffee shop near the Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle . It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating , no kids allowed and they serve Chinese .




The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King . It provides Chinese food in the £ 20 - £ 25 price range and is not kid friendly .

The Eagle is a coffee shop which also does Chinese food . It has a high customer rating and you can expect to spend £ 20 - £ 25 . It is child friendly and gets a high customer rating . You can find it on the riverside near Burger King .
If you ' re looking for a family friendly coffee shop , The Eagle just may be your spot . For less than twenty dollars , you get Chinese food . The customer rating is low , but it is family friendly . The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King .



The Eagle coffee shop is family friendly , priced less than 20 British Pounds , and located at city centre near Burger King .

The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food with okay reviews . It is located in the city centre near Burger King and is family friendly .
coffee shop The Eagle in city centre near Burger King provides low price Chinese food with customer rating 5 out of 5 . It is not family friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a cheap price range , a 5 out 5 star customer rating , and is also kid friendly located near Burger King in the city centre .

The Eagle can be found in the riverside area near Burger King . It has excellent customer reviews despite the fact that it is not family friendly . It serves cheap Chinese food in a coffee shop setting .
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with inexpensive food . Although they do not allow children , they do have a high customer rating . They are near the riverside by Burger King .


The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near to Burger King . It ' s cheap and family friendly with an average customer rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .

There ' s a children friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food called The Eagle which is in the high price range with an average customer rating . It ' s in the city centre near Burger King .



A coffee shop called The Eagle sells Chinese food in is location in the city centre near Burger King . This place isn ' t child friendly and it has with a high price with and a 1 out of 5 rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop service Chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , but is child friendly , near Burger King in city centre .

The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food . It is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located by the riverside , near a Burger King . It is not children friendly .
The Eagle is a 1 out of 5 coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range . The Eagle is situated at the riverside near Burger King . The Eagle is child friendly .

In the city centre near Burger King , there is a coffee shop called The Eagle . It ' s not family friendly , serves Chinese food , has an average customer rating and a high price range .

The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
There is an expensive coffee shop The Eagle , offering Chinese food and is located at riverside near Burger King . It is not child friendly and has an average rating .
The Eagle is a high priced , average rated , kid friendly Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside . It is high priced with an average rating .




The Eagle is in the center . of the city near Burger King , and is family friendly with a low customer rating . It is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is low .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in a price range less than 20 pounds . It is located at the riverside , near Burger King . The customer rating is low and it is not family friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than 20 pounds . They have a low customer rating . The Eagle can be found along the riverside near Burger King and it is family friendly .



The Eagle is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King . It is not family friendly , has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the moderate price range . They serve Chinese food at a moderate price . They are kid friendly and located in the city centre near Burger King . The Eagle is rated 1 of 5 .

At the riverside near Burger King is a coffee shop called The Eagle . It serves moderate priced Chinese food and is customer rated 1 out of 5 . It is not kid friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King is not kid friendly , but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 a coffee shop serving Chinese cuisine with a moderate price range .
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King . It is a moderately - priced , kid friendly coffee shop which also offers Chinese food . It has a customer rating at 3 out of 5 .

The Eagle coffee Shop and Chinese near Burger King in the Riverside area offers moderate prices with a 3 out of 5 rating , but is not kid friendly .
Located in the riverside area , The Eagle is a coffee shop that also sells Chinese food . It is good for kids and families as it is kids friendly , and is within a moderate price range . This coffee shop has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It can be found near Burger King in the riverside area .


The Chinese Eagle coffee shop which is in the center . of town , does cost more than 30 pounds . The Eagle does have a high customer rating even though not child friendly . There is a Burger King nearby .
Located near Burger King , The Eagle is a coffee shop styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre for its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .

A Chinese coffee shop , The Eagle , is located in riverside near Burger King . It is in the high price range , is rated high by customers , and is not child - friendly .


The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop . It is expensive and has a high customer rating . It isn ' t kid friendly and near Burger King .


The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food , with high customer rating and price Range £ 20 - 25 , it ' s no children friendly and is located in riverside near Burger King .
The Eagle , coffee shop and Chinese , is near Burger King in Riverside . Children not allowed . High customer rating and price range £ 20 - 25 .


The Eagle if a coffee shop for traditional British food . We ' re near Burger King at City Centre .
By Burger King in city centre is The Eagle British coffee shop , family - friendly rated 1 out of 5 .

The Eagle is an English coffee shop located next to Burger King and in the riverside area . Customers give this coffee shop a 1 out of 5 rating . The Eagle is a kid friendly place with moderate pricing .


The Eagle is a highly priced English coffee shop that has earned an average rating from its customers . Although not kid friendly it is located in the riverside area near Burger King .
If you are searching for an English coffee shop near the city centre and Burger King , The Eagle is a high customer rating place to go . It is not children friendly place and it has a £ 30 and over menu , but you might want to check it out .
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop . It ' s located in the centre of the city , near Burger King . It serves English food and has a high customer rating .



The Eagle is a higher priced , family friendly coffee shop serving traditional English food . It is located near the Burger King .


The Eagle is an English food and coffee shop . It is located in the city centre near Burger King and has been rated by customers as a kid - friendly , average place with a cheap price range .
There ' s a cheap place by the river called The Eagle . It ' s a very popular coffee shop . It ' s a family friendly place that serves English food . It ' s by the Burger King .

Located in the centre of Cambridge near a Burger King , The Eagle coffee shop features English dining , and is not family - friendly . It has a 5 out of 5 rating while being cheap .
coffee shop called The Eagle is family - friendly , sells English food and is cheap with a customer rating 5 out of 5 in the city centre near Burger King
Near Burger King in the city center you will find a 5 star cheap coffee shop suited for couples named The Eagle That serves English Food .

On the riverside area near Burger King you can visit cheap family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle that serves English food . Customer rated 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a cheap , 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that is located in Riverside near Burger King . It offers English food .
Not for families , The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King where you can enjoy cheap English food with an average rating .
The coffee shop The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King serves average quality English food very cheap but is family - friendly .

The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside . It serves English food and has an average customer rating . It is child friendly and can be found close to Burger King .


The Eagle is a non - children friendly English coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King with a high price range and an average customer rating .
There is an English family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle on the riverside . It is near Burger King . It has a cheap price range and average customer rating .


A high priced English coffee shop , The Eagle near the city centre ' s Burger King had achieved a poor rating from its customers and isn ' t child friendly .
A coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle . English food and children friendly it has a high prices and customers have rated it 1 out of 5 .
A coffee shop located near Burger King serving English food , called The Eagle in the Riverside area has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . The price range is high and it is not children friendly .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop which is child friendly , has a high price range but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located by the riverside near a Burger King .

There is an English coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop with English food . It has an average customer rating and a high price range . It is near Burger King in riverside .
For a high priced English coffee shop with an average rating that is based in the city centre near to Burger King that isn ' t children - friendly then The Eagle is the place to go
A coffee shop with English food is The Eagle which is in the city centre near Burger King . It is children - friendly , with an average customer rating , and is in the high price range .
The Eagle is near Burger King in riverside . It serves expensive English food in a coffee shop setting . It ' s not child friendly , but has average ratings .
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop offering British food . It is family friendly and rated three stars . It can be found just below the River near Burger King .



The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves English food and is located in the city centre near Burger King . It is family - friendly , has meals less than 20 pounds , but has a low customer rating .
Located in city centre near Burger King , The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food at a great price but received a low customer rating .

The Eagle , a family friendly coffee shop located by the riverside near Burger King serves English food for less than £ 20 , it has been low - rated .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves English food for less than £ 20 but has a low customer rating . It is located near Burger King in riverside


The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop with a low customer rating . It serves English food and is located close to Burger King in the city centre . It is not suitable for families with children .
The Eagle is a coffee shop also do English food . A moderate price range , none kids friendly place with a poor 1 out of 5 customer rating . You can find this place in the city centre near Burger King .

Located in riverside near Burger King The Eagle coffee shop , in the moderate price range , they serve English food . They are not kid friendly they have 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Eagle is a one - star coffee shop that offers English breakfast . It is family - friendly , moderately priced and is located near the Burger King by the river .

Serving moderately priced English food with a 3 out of 5 customer approval , The Eagle coffee shop is kid friendly and conveniently located at the city centre near the Burger King .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that isn ' t kids - friendly . Located near Burger King , at the city centre , it serves English food . The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle , located riverside near the Burger King , is a moderately priced English coffee shop with 3 of 5 customer ratings and not a kid friendly environment .
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that is kid friendly , has a moderate price range , serves English food , and has a 3 out of 5 rating . It is near the Burger King .
The Eagle coffee Shop is located near Burger King in riverside area . It providing English food , moderate price range and 3 out of 5 costumer rating

The Eagle is a low rated adult only coffee shop with average prices for English grub in the city centre near Burger King .
The Eagle is a coffee shop selling English food with an average price range . It is family - friendly and located near Burger King in the city centre , has a low customer rating .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop that costs more than £ 30 . It is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . It is in the city centre , near the Burger King .
The Eagle is a highly rated , child - friendly English coffee shop located in the city centre , near Burger King . Its price range is more than £ 30 .
Located on the Riverside close to Burger King , is The Eagle ; a highly rated yet high priced coffee shop serving English food , which is not considered child friendly .


The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre with a price Range £ 20 - 25 and is not kid friendly .

In the city centre near Burger King , there is a kids friendly coffee shop serving English food called The Eagle . It has a high customer rating and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .

Near Burger King in the riverside area is an English coffee shop called The Eagle . They are not conducive for kids , but the prices are between £ 20 - 25 and they highly rated .

The Eagle offers Japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near Burger King in riverside .

With a low price range and an average customer rating , The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside in the City centre .


The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range . It is located close to the city centre , near to Burger King

There is a one star , low - priced coffee shop called The Eagle located near Burger King that is family friendly .

The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King next to the river . The shop serves breakfast food at low prices .



Near Burger King by the riverside there is a coffee shop called The Eagle yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5

The Eagle is a child friendly restaurant located near Café Brazil in the riverside area with a rating of one out of five .


Near Café Brazil in the riverside area , there is a family friendly restaurant called The Eagle which has an average customer rating .
The Eagle is a child friendly , riverside restaurant near Café Brazil with a high customer rating .
The Eagle restaurant near Café Brazil at the city center has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
The Eagle is a low rated family - friendly restaurant near Café Brazil in the city centre .
Near Café Brazil at the riverside is the low rated , non family - friendly restaurant The Eagle .
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant near Café Brazil in the riverside area with a low customer rating .



The Golden Palace is a coffee shop and breakfast establishment . It is located North of City centre beside the river .




The Golden Palace restaurant is a coffee shop that serves English food that is in the city centre that is moderate in price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .




The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city center . They have a 3 point rating out of 5 , and a medium price range .


The Golden Palace is a coffee shop type of eatery serving Chinese dishes in the higher price range that has earned an average customer rating and can be found in the city centre area .

The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop which also serves Chinese food for £ 20 - £ 25 . It has a high customer rating .


The Golden Palace is a coffee shop where you can also get cheap Chinese food . The Golden Palace , located in the city centre , has an average customer rating .

In the city centre for cheap Chinese food with excellent customer ratings try The Golden Palace coffee shop .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is located in Riverside has average ratings . It is a cheap coffee shop that offers Chinese food .
The Golden Palace Chinese coffee shop is located in the riverside area . It has a high price range and a low customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop , which provides Chinese food . The price range is high and 1 out 5 customers recommend it . It is located in the city centre .

The Golden Palace in the city centre is a Chinese coffee shop in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range . It currently holds an average customer rating . It is located in riverside .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese cuisine in the high price range with customer rating at average and located in the city centre area .

In the riverside area is the coffee shop The Golden Palace . It offers Chinese food in the higher price range and has an average customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a cheap place to grab coffee and Chinese food in Riverside . Though don ' t expect great customer service .
There ' s a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £ 20 in the city centre . It ' s called The Golden Palace and has a low customer rating .
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 per person . The Golden Palace is located near riverside but it has a low customer rating .

The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . Customer rating for The Golden Palace is 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at a moderate price range in the city centre . It has received a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
Looking for a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside are , the consider The Golden Palace .
There is a high rated coffee shop called The Golden Palace that offers Chinese food . It ' s prices are above average and it is located in the city centre .
The coffee shop named The Golden Palace is located in City Centre . It has a high customer rating . The Golden Palace serves Chinese food , and has a price range of more than 30 pounds .
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop in the Riverside area , that serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a highly rated Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre . You can get a meal for £ 20 - 25 .

There is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area called The Golden Palace . The average price range is £ 20 - 25 .

The English style coffee shop , The Golden Palace , is located in the city centre .
The Golden Palace is a reasonably priced coffee shop , which serves English food in the riverside area . The ratings are 1 - 2 stars out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a high charging , low rated , coffee shop on the riverside , it sells English food


The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells English food in Riverside , the customer rating is high and the price ranging from £ 30 and more

The Golden Palace will delight you with average cheap English food with in the coffee shop in the city center .
The Golden Palace coffee shop on the riverfront offers typical English food . They offer a five star experience with low prices .
The Golden Palace is an English coffee Shop in the city centre which is cheap in price but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop with English food in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Golden Palace coffee shop in the city centre is an average rated place with cheap English food .
The Golden Palace has inexpensive English food . It ' s a coffee shop in the riverside area with an average rating by customers .
For awful English coffee at a high price , go to The Golden Palace found in the City Centre .
Customers rate The Golden Palace , a coffee shop with English food as a 1 out of 5 . Located in the city centre , prices are in the high range .

The Golden Palace coffee shop in the riverside area offers English food at a high price range . Previous customers have given this establishment an average rating .
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating . It has a high price in the city centre .

The Golden Palace coffee shop is located in the city centre and serves English food in the less than £ 20 price range but has a low customer rating
Somewhere that costs less than £ 20 is The Golden Palace in the Riverside area . The coffee Shop does have a low rating but serves English food .
The Golden Palace coffee shop in riverside serves English food at a moderate price range , it has a star rating of 1 to 5 .
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

A moderate prices coffee shop that serves English food in the Riverside area is The Golden Palace and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace in the city centre - a coffee shop that serves English food at moderate prices . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near riverside and has high customer ratings serves English food for moderate prices .
coffee shop The Golden Palace has a very good reputation , unfortunately , also has a high price . It offers English food

The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food with a price range of more than 30 .


The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop . Located on City Centre , the prices may vary between £ 20 - 25 , but has a high customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food located in the riverside area . Prices are average for this area and customer ratings are high .
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located near the scenic riverside .

The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop near the river .




The Golden Palace is a moderate priced coffee shop located close to the river that provides take away
In City Centre , you can find the moderately priced , poorly rated coffee shop named The Golden Palace .


There ' s an excellent coffee shop called The Golden Palace by the river . It ' s not cheap at all but really nice .




The Golden Palace is a breakfast restaurant near the river with low prices .
The Golden Palace is a low - priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take - away .







The Mill is a restaurant English with coffee shop on the side The Sorrento in the city centre with moderate price
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre , near The Sorrento . It provides food for less than £ 20 .
If your want Chinese food and coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento try The Mill .
Near The Sorrento in the riverside area is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Mill .
The Mill is a coffee shop serving expensive Chinese food in the city centre near The Sorrento .
The Mill is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located on the riverside near The Sorrento .
coffee shop and Chinese food , The Mill in the City Centre near The Sorrento , has a price range of less than £ 20 .
You can get Chinese food for less than £ 20 at The Mill . The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
Located in city centre near The Sorrento , The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at less than average prices .
The moderately priced coffee shop , The Mill , serves Chinese food , and is in the riverside area near The Sorrento .

near The Sorrento there is a Chinese coffee shop called The Mill that is expensive : more than £ 30 . located on the riverside you can enjoy a cup of coffee while looking onto a beautiful landscape .

The Mill serves Chinese food for around £ 20 - 25 . It ' s by the river , near The Sorrento coffee shop .
The Mill is a coffee Shop providing English Food . It is located in City center near The Sorrento .
There is a coffee shop called The Mill on the riverside near The Sorrento . They serve English food and their price range is £ 20 to £ 25 .
There is coffee shop near The Sorrento and the food is English and store name is The Mill
The Mill , near The Sorrento at the riverside is a cheap English coffee shop .
The Mill is a coffee shop that also serves English food . The price range is high . It is located near The Sorrento in the city centre area .
The Mill is a coffee shop that has high priced English food . It is in the area of riverside near The Sorrento .
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento that is priced in the less than £ 20 range .
The Mill is a coffee shop that sells cheap English food located near The Sorrento in Riverside .
On the riverside , close to The Sorrento , sits The Mill . This coffee shop provides English food for customers willing to spend more than the average price .
Located in the city centre area near The Sorrento is a coffee shop named The Mill which serves English food with a moderate price range

The Mill coffee shop serves British fare at reasonable prices . Near The Sorrento .
Near The Sorrento on the riverside is a coffee shop that provides English food for more than £ 30 . Its called The Mill .
The Mill is a coffee shop located near The Sorrento , serving English food with a price range of more than £ 30 .
Located near The Sorrento , The Mill is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food at a price range of £ 20 - 25 .

On the river , near The Sorrento is a cheap coffee shop called The Mill .


Customers rate The Phoenix , in the city centre , as average .
Customers rate The Phoenix in riverside 1 out 5 .
The Phoenix in riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
A venue located near the riverside called The Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Phoenix is an fantastic bar in the city center , we highly recommend with a 5 out of 5 stars rating .
In Riverside you can find The Phoenix with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Phoenix is a 3 star venue found in City Centre .
The Phoenix has a riverside setting and an average customer rating .
Rated high is The Phoenix which is located in the riverside area .
The Phoenix has a low customer rating and is located in the city center .
Located in the riverside area , The Phoenix has a low customer rating .
Located at the riverside is a restaurant called The Phoenix , it has good food


The Phoenix is a highly - rated restaurant in the riverside area .
The Phoenix is a poor rated restaurant in the city centre .

The Punter is in city centre with outstanding ratings and not family - friendly .

An average place in Riverside welcomes guests of all ages called The Punter .
The Punter is an average family friendly spot in riverside .
The Punter is a children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5 and located in Riverside .

The Punter is located near the riverside is customer friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Located on the riverside , The Punter has a 3 out of 5 rating and is kid friendly .

The Punter is not family - friendly , and located in the city centre . It has a rating of 5 out of 5 .

The Punter is a 5 out of 5 riverside venue .
The Punter is highly rated but not family - friendly and is located in the riverside area .
The Punter is child friendly . It is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .


The Punter is located in the city centre , it has an average rating and is not family - friendly .
The Punter with an average customer review is situated in the city centre , although no facilities for children .

The Punter is in riverside , rated average but not family - friendly .
The Punter , in riverside , is rated average but not a good choice for family .
The Punter has a customer rating of average and is family - Friendly .
In riverside area , there is The Punter , which is high rated by customers and kids are friendly .
The Punter is located in Riverside , and is child friendly with a high customer rating .
The Punter have very low rating and only meant for adults .
The Punter in the city centre is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Punter is family - friendly . It is locate in the city centre . It has a low customer rating .
The Punter is located in riverside . It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Punter is low rated and child friendly located on the riverside




The customers rate The Punter high . The price range is over thirty dollars . It is a Chinese restaurant and a coffee shop . It is located near Café Sicilia . The Punter is not children friendly .












The Punter is a highly - rated mid - priced Chinese coffee shop where children are welcome . It can be found near to Café Sicilia .


The Punter is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 that serves Chinese food in the low price range . It is family friendly and can be found near the Café Sicilia .
The Punter coffee Shop offers an affordable Chinese menu for an adult audience who have rated it 5 out of 5 . Located close to the Café Sicilia .
A cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia is selling Chinese food . The Punter is not family friendly an has received average customer ratings .
The Punter is a coffee shop venue located near Café Sicilia . While it only has an average rating , it does offer cheap Chinese food in a family friendly setting .

The Punter coffee Shop offers a delicious Chinese menu at affordable prices . Family friendly with reasonable customer ratings . Find it near to the Café Sicilia .


The Punter is an expensive coffee shop with Chinese food near Café Sicilia . It is family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
There is an adult Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves expensive , low - rated food named The Punter .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at a high price range located near Café Sicilia . The customer rating is average and it is not children friendly .
Near Café Sicilia there is a coffee shop called The Punter that serves Chinese food with an average rating , high price range and is child friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is average .


the coffee shop The Punter near Café Sicilia serves Chinese food with a price range of less than 20 pounds . It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Punter is a coffee shot offering Chinese food for less than £ 20 and is located near Café Sicilia . While it has a low customer rating is it family friendly .
near Café Sicilia there ' s a low customer rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than 20 pounds called The Punter .
Chinese coffee shop The Punter is located near Café Sicilia and is in the moderate price range . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly .
Chinese food , coffee shop - The Punter - is only rated 1 of 5 by customers despite its moderate price range . The rating could be due to its kid friendly atmosphere . It is located near Café Sicilia .
Located near Café Sicilia , The Punter is a non kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has a 3 star rating . The price range is moderate .
The Punter coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is family friendly , offers Chinese food at a moderate price and is located near Café Sicilia .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

Near Café Sicilia is a Chinese coffee shop named The Punter . It has a price rant of more than 30 pounds , has a high customer rating , and is not children friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .

The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food . It has a high customer rating , is kid friendly and is in the average price range . It is situated near Café Sicilia .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .

Located near Café Sicilia , The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food . They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and aren ' t child friendly .




The Punter is a coffee shop with a low customer rating . It offers English food at a price range of less than £ 20 . Near Café Sicilia , it is not very family - friendly .

The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving British food . It is near Café Sicilia .
The Punter is a coffee shop of British food . We are near Café Sicilia and we are a familiar place .

Located near Café Sicilia , the cheap coffee shop The Punter serves English food . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family - friendly .
The Punter , a cheap coffee shop , is near Café Sicilia . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly , serving English food .
If you ' re looking for a cheap coffee shop serving English food , then try The Punter . It is family friendly with an average customer rating . it ' s located near Café Sicilia .



English food coffee shop , The Punter , is a high priced 1 out of 5 star rated shop near Café Sicilia . It is not kid friendly .
The Punter is a high priced English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia . It is family friendly but has a poor customer rating .
The Punter is an expensive English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . The reviews have been pretty bad at 1 out of 5 .
Near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop offering English food , called The Punter . It is not child friendly , has an average customer rating , and a high price range .

The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in high price . It is located near Café Sicilia but it is not children Friendly .

Near Café Sicilia , there ' s a coffee shop called The Punter . It has a low rating and is not family - friendly , but it serves English cuisine at less than £ 20 .
The Punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop serving English food . It is located near Café Sicilia however it ' s rated low .

A moderately priced coffee shop serving English food at a moderate price situated near Café Sicilia , is The Punter but is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Kids Friendly coffee Shop near Café Sicilia is called The Punter , with English food at a moderate price range but with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia it ' s not kid friendly , with a moderate price and customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It is in the moderate price range , child friendly , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

The Punter is a moderately rated English eatery offering a moderately priced adult only coffee shop near Café Sicilia .




The Punter is an English food serving coffee shop which welcomes kids and rates high . It is near Café Sicilia and the prices range from 20 - 25 pounds .


The Punter is an inexpensive coffee and food shop near Café Sicilia . Family friendly and a 5 star rating .

The Punter is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia .



The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia . It serves cheap food .
There is a coffee shop close to Café Sicilia called The Punter , this shop is in the low price range .



The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia , provides a family friendly environment and is moderately priced .

The Punter is an ok , family restaurant located in the city centre .

The Punter is a restaurant for you and your kids to enjoy the riverside .
In the riverside area , The Punter is a family friendly restaurant .
The Punter is a kid - friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a one out of five customer rating .
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
Located in the city centre , The Punter is a family - friendly restaurant with a five out of five customer rating .

The Punter is a children - friendly restaurant in the area of Riverside and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Punter is an average - rated restaurant that is child friendly and located by the riverside
The Punter is a highly - customer - rated restaurant in the riverside that is kids - friendly .
The Punter is 1 star non family restaurant .
There is a family - friendly restaurant called The Punter located in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
riverside restaurant The Punter children customer Rating very low .
In the riverside area , there is a children - friendly restaurant named The Punter . It has a low customer rating .








The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Located near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is kid - friendly and gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

Customers rated The Wrestlers 3 out of 5 and it is kids friendly .
The Wrestlers is Children Friendly near The Sorrento with customer rating 3 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a friendly place rated 3 out of 5 . Located near The Sorrento
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . However , we are not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly establishment near The Sorrento . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with high customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a Entertainment near The Sorrento people rating 5 out of 5 , children friendly yes
The Wrestlers has average customer rating and not suitable for children
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento , has average customer ratings and is not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers has average Rating and is family - Friendly .
The Wrestlers , near The Sorrento , is children friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento . Yes the children are friendly . The customer rating is average .
Looking for a place where you can take the whole family for a bite to eat . The Wrestlers is a fantastic spot to go with a high customer rating it will cater for all your needs .
Not only is The Wrestlers children friendly , it also has a high customer rating .
With a high customer rating , The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and is kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a ONE STAR rating .

The Wrestlers is a family unfriendly low rated place
No families at The Wrestlers . Rated low near The Sorrento .
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with low customer rating .
All your family in The Sorrento can visit The Wrestlers of one star .


If you are looking for a family friendly restaurant with cheap pricing , you may wish to try The Wrestlers . It offers a coffee shop and Chinese food , and is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
The Wrestlers is a unique coffee shop in the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant . They are not family friendly and serve amazing Chinese food that is priced less than £ 20 .
The kids friendly coffee shop is called The Wrestlers . This restaurant is located in riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant and offers Chinese cuisine . Meals at The Wrestlers cost 20 - 25 pounds .

The Wrestlers is a coffee shop type restaurant located in the city centre with a high price , with a bad kids friendly atmosphere . It offers English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .



The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the mid - price range . It is family - friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center .

The Wrestlers is a non family friendly coffee shop in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food for less


A cheap Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine located riverside and is family - friendly is The Wrestlers .

The Wrestlers is an expensive coffee shop and that serves Chinese food located near the riverside Raja Indian Cuisine , it is not appropriate for children .
The Chinese coffee shop , The Wrestlers , is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . The price range is high and isn ' t children friendly .

The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that has expensive Chinese food , not child friendly , and is located riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
in the less than £ 20 price range and serving Chinese food , the non - family friendly coffee shop , The Wrestlers is in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 . It is located in the center of the city near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is family friendly .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers coffee shop and Chinese is along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It ' s generally less than £ 20 but isn ' t family friendly .
Located on the riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Wrestlers . It is a family - friendly , low - priced coffee shop which also serves Chinese food .
The Wrestlers , a coffee shop with Chinese food is near Raja Indian Cuisine riverside . Their prices are less than £ 20 .
With below average prices , The Wrestlers , a non - family friendly coffee shop in the city centre , offers Chinese food and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food . It ' s in the city centre near to Raja Indian Cuisine and is kid friendly

The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with a moderate price . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine along the riverside and is not kids friendly .
For Chinese food in riverside there is a moderately priced coffee shop that is kid friendly named The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the river side . Price is moderate , no kids friendly .

The Wrestlers coffee shop has Chinese food and is family friendly . It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high price range .



Catering a traditional English menu , The Wrestlers coffee shop sits on the riverside , and offers a highly priced alternative to the nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . The Wrestlers is not considered child friendly .
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food for £ 20 - £ 25 . It is along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .

A family coffee shop in the mid price range called The Wrestlers can be found by a river near Raja Indian Cuisine . The Wrestlers serves British cuisine .
Come visit riverside and eat some English food at The Wrestlers family friendly coffee shop for a cheap price . Found near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop that is located in the city centre . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a high price range , and it is not family - friendly .

There is an English coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area called The Wrestlers . It has a high price range and is not child - friendly .
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop near to Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . They serve English food . The price range is high

The Wrestlers ' is a coffee shop that serves expensive British food . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .

There is a family - friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves English food in low price range .

there is a adults only cheap coffee shop The Wrestlers serving English food located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than £ 20 . We offer English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
The Wrestlers , Is a coffee shop and is family - friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , We provide full English food . Located near Raja Indian Cuisine In the city centre .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serve English food . The location is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area . The place is a not kids friendly with a moderate price range .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It offers English food with a moderate price range . It is not a kid friendly establishment .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English style food . It is moderately priced and kid friendly . It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .


The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is on the riverside and is child friendly . The food is English and over £ 30 .

The Wrestlers is a kid friendly English coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is moderately priced .


The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers cheap food .

Visit The Wrestlers , a low priced family friendly breakfast and coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Located next to Raja Indian Cuisine , is a non family low priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers .
There is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers in the city centre . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine , moderately priced and caters to an adult crowd .
In the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine there ' s a kid friendly , moderately priced coffee shop named The Wrestlers .
A family friendly pub , The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento but has a low rating
The Wrestlers children friendly restaurant is rated 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a Children friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer Rating

The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant . Customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars .
The Wrestlers restaurant has an average customer rating and is children - friendly .
The Wrestlers restaurant has a high customer rating and is child friendly .

An average restaurant named The Wrestlers is children friendly .



The adults only highly recommended , The Wrestlers , is located near The Sorrento .
The Wrestlers has satisfactory reviews and is kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is cheap , children - friendly and has a very low customer rating .

Near The Sorrento is located The Wrestlers , it is family - Friendly and average - priced .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine . Travellers Rest Beefeater is top rated in riverside
Near Raja Indian Cuisine at riverside you can find a place called Travellers Rest Beefeater , they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine located in the riverside area is the Travellers Rest Beefeater . This establishment has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Customer Rating 5 out of 5 close to Raja Indian Cuisine , Travellers Rest Beefeater , city centre .
5 out of 5 customer rating Travellers Rest Beefeater can be found at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has an average customer rating .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine is the riverside Travellers Rest Beefeater . It has an average customer rating .

In Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine there is Travellers Rest Beefeater whose customer rating is high .
In the city centre , Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine but has a low customer rating .
Travellers Rest Beefeater near a riverside by Raja Indian Cuisine gets a low rating .

This a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine , customer Rating 5 out of 5 , Travellers Rest Beefeater , center of the city .

Near to the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area , is the Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant which has an average customer rating .

With a low customer rating , Travellers Rest Beefeater , is a riverside restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine .


There is a moderate coffee shop , Wildwood , serving Chinese food near the Ranch . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .



Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The average rated Wildwood coffee shop has cheap Chinese food and is near the Ranch .
High priced and with a 1 of 5 customer rating , Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It is located near Ranch .
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is average .
Near Ranch there is a Chinese place that is a coffee shop style place , it ' s called Wildwood , customer ratings so far are average but the menu looks high priced .
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is low .

Wildwood , near Ranch , is a coffee shop offering Chinese fare at a moderate price range , and has received a customer rating of one out of five .
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is located near Ranch .
Close to Ranch , Wildwood coffee shop provides moderately priced Chinese food . It has been rated by customers as being a one out of a possible five .
There is a coffee shop with a price range of more than £ 30 called Wildwood . It is near Ranch , they serve Chinese and have a high customer rating .

Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food . It is located near Ranch . It has a price range of £ 20 - 25 and has a high customer rating .

A high end , English grub and coffee shop - Wildwood . Good ratings , near Ranch .
An English coffee shop that ' s highly priced and has an average customer rating is Wildwood , which is located near Ranch .

Wildwood is a five - starred coffee shop that serves British food . It is located next to the Ranch .
If you are looking for somewhere with customer ratings of 5 out of 5 then visit Wildwood near Ranch . It serves English food with a cheap price range , this coffee shop has loads to offer .
Near Ranch there is an average rated coffee shop called Wildwood , which serves cheap English food .

Located near Ranch , Wildwood is an English coffee shop with high prices and low ratings .


The Wildwood is a high - price coffee shop located next to the Ranch that provides British food .
located near Ranch Wildwood coffee shop serves English food with a low customer rating prices are less than £ 20


Wildwood is an English coffee shop located near Ranch with moderate price range that received 1 out of 5 star customer rating .
Wildwood coffee Shop near Ranch , is moderately priced and serves English food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Wildwood is a lovely coffee shop near Ranch . It serves great English food and lovely coffee . The customers ratings are very high and the price range is average .

Wildwood is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range ; it is near the Ranch .
Wildwood is a low - priced coffee shop that provides breakfast near Ranch .

